There is a golden rule when it comes to writing emails and
that golden rule is very simply this, you are better off
leaving them wanting more and that email being a little bit
too short than you are making it too long. Sometimes when
I'm in the discord and people turn up and they drop me a
short novel, it just makes me panic. It gives me anxiety and
I think, wow, I am not looking forward to having to work my
way through this. Even those of you that send long emails,
trust me, this is what people in corporate do. They go to
the very end and they read the last two lines because most
people just summarize the last two lines, what they said in
the email, they're not reading it. We don't want that impact
with ours. We don't want that impact with our clients. We
want them to be excited, to look forward to the emails, not
to just be a splurge of too much information. Personally,
Chris Williamson's emails, I think are far too long. He does
them on a Monday. He could break them up into a two, three,
four a week email. I think it would be a much better
experience for people. So when we look into the generalized
kind of rules that we're going to go through, don't make it
too long. I went to see Andrew Schultz live. His set was
like 55 minutes. It was amazing. Two weeks later, I went to
see Theo Vaughan. He was about 25 minutes too long and there
was nothing. Worse than going to see your favorite comedian
and them just going over a little bit too long. Now there's
one of the things that we need to think about. How long
should the auto responder be? This is completely up to you.
For some of you, it might be a week, but come on bro,
writing down seven bullet points. Wow. You really went to
the effort. Could be 30, but a lot of mine are 30 and you're
just copying me. Pick something random, 29 days, 33 days,
make it something. So they're thinking, why did they go 33?
For instance, I don't know if any of you live near where I
used to grow up in Windsor great park, but there's like a
speed limit. 13 miles an hour. I've always thought, why is
it 13 miles an hour? It's probably because everyone goes,
well, that's a strange bloody speed to go at. If it was 10,
people just would ignore it. But when it's 13, you think
about it. So do that same as me. So I spoke before about the
auto responder and the benefits of it. The main reason we
want to do this is to avoid burnout because it took me years
to burn out. And then eventually when I did my email
marketing kind of died. So broadcasts instead, I think
should be sporadic, but I know you guys are thinking, what
do I write it about? Which is a great question. Now, before,
when I showed you the email, you'll notice I had a
conversation with my friend and he said he needed to get a
new MacBook pro. There is a certain muscle in your mind that
will work over time to realize that when something happens
in your life, you can go, that's an email. It takes time.
It's difficult. I could write an email today about the guy's
detail in my car and talk about how sometimes it's better to
just pay someone to deal with it. You haven't got to worry
about it. Not to mention they've got all the fancy soaps and
sprays and whatever that will degrease the eye. I don't
know. All right. Cause either I become an expert or I become
an expert. And card detailing, which with my level of ADHD,
I could go off on a tangent and study it for years as type
of person I am. Instead, I'd rather be getting better at
email marketing. So one thing I love is a bad day broadcast.
In essence, if something goes terribly wrong in your day,
share it, make it an email. Often the call to action will be
something like the only way you could have a worse day than
me is to not join my program, not buy my book, not join my
mentorship. Cool. Love those. You might get injured. You
might curb a wheel. You might get ill. You might piss
yourself, whatever it is, make it an email, make it
humorous, make people feel like their day wasn't so bad. And
other things, misleading stories, always great. Take people
on a narrative, an arc or a story where they think
something's happening. Then boom, you bring them back to
reality. Famous one I've done was where I meditated in a
park once. And the email was like, I'm in a park. I've got a
bit of spare time. I could do this in five minutes. I know
I'd feel better. I'm just really worried that someone's
going to see me doing it. And it's going to be very
embarrassing. I wrote the email making it seem like I was
having a little Tommy tank in the park, but it turns out I
was trying meditation. Sometimes when I'm really bored, I'll
go to Facebook memories, try and grab a picture and then
build a story arc around it. Because sometimes that picture
can be a great hook. It might be a picture of me from 15
years ago. I can build a narrative around it. What else is
there? Random facts go down well with the use of chat GPT.
You could go me, give me 17 random facts about the Soviet
union that no one knows. Boom. Suddenly there's something
there you can write an email about. Recommendations. So for
instance, there's a film called the lobster, the weirdest
film I've ever seen. Do not watch the lobster. Well, you
could watch the lobster actually, but it was like a can film
festival, Sundance film festival nominee. It was awful. It
was terrible. It was a very unenjoyable hour and a half. Now
you could tell people you could save them. You could stop
them from watching something. Alternatively, you might say,
guys, if you haven't started mob land, you should, and
here's some reasons. And then you could talk about the
characters, the story arcs, and then maybe try and turn that
into a reason for them to join in mob land. Tom Hardy does
all the dirty work because the main guy, Piers Brosnan knows
it's better not to get his hands dirty. So why don't you act
like a real gangster today? I'm making this up. Act like a
real gangster today and get someone else to do your dirty
work for you. That's where I come in. I'll do it. Don't
worry about it. Um, if you're really struggling, you can go
to the sun. The sun is a terrible drivel newspaper in the
UK. I'll go there and I'll pick a story and there'll be
something, I don't know, a daughter and mother pregnant to
the same guy. And you could just turn that into one.
Sometimes you can go like an emotional, a raw. Often when
I'm at the airport, sometimes I'll have a cup of gin and
tonic, so I'll open my laptop and I'll just get in a, get in
a flow, not see my family in a while, traveling. Oh, I've
been this. People sometimes quite like that. And yeah, a
funny story is also a good one as well. You could talk about
your mate at uni who had a massive schlong and every time
you got drunk, it was your party trick to show other people
his. Or the time that you cacked him at a zebra crossing in
Gloucester back in the day. Whatever it is, you can make it
into an email. And if there's anything in life that happens
or whatever, just find that muscle in your body that goes,
that could be a great email. Because if it's putting a smile
on my face, I've been talking about it. You can do it too.
And you're only going to get better at writing. Here's a hot
tip for you as well. If you even want to get good at email
marketing, try buying a fiction book. I remember buying some
Jack Weacher fiction books back in the day, because as a
fiction author, there's only one thing that you need to get
people to do. And that is for them to keep reading. And if
you can get people to want to keep reading, that is exactly
what email marketing is. It's similar to a video in a lot of
sense. We have a hook, we have a setup, we have a payoff, we
have a story arc that needs to be followed. If you read
books, it's a great way to do it. Again, writing is such a
fantastic skill. And the crazy thing is, by you guys doing
email marketing, you get better at writing, you get better
at creativity, you get better at spotting things that can be
used in your marketing. And that's only going to make you
better at writing landing pages, sales copy, courses,
whatever it is, whatever you name it. So it's a really good,
really good bit of advice that you stay on top of that. And
for any of you that are young, single and free, I remember I
loved my email list. It was like having a group of friends.
I would just be feeling a bit low, not low, but like bored
or whatever. I just jump on a flight, go Brisbane on my own,
go down to a little area, South Bank in Brisbane. I take my
laptop Friday night, places are pumping. I just go sit in a
bar, open my laptop, chin three, four pints and just write a
nice email, try and get some sales on board. Enjoy it.
Sometimes I miss those days. How do you finish an email?
Well, we'll look into that in the next module, because if
you don't put a link in an email, it's not an email. It's
like a newsletter. And that's one thing we don't do around
here. We don't write snooze letters. So I'll see you in the
next module.
