This might surprise you, but despite selling out the
Hammersmith Apollo and growing an audience of over 5 million
followers, I'm actually quite an introverted person. So if
you told 10-year-old me that I'd one day be talking to a
camera every week, building a seven-figure business from it,
and getting millions of eyeballs looking at me, I probably
thought you were taking the piss. For the first two years of
making videos, fucking hell. I'd film a 30-second clip,
watch it back, and cringe so hard I had to delete it
immediately. My voice sounded weird, my face looked weird, I
didn't know what to do with my hands. It's painful looking
now back at those videos, but with all that experience, I
now know that what took me from 700 followers on Facebook in
24 months to 5 million was the ability to speak confidently
to camera, despite being a secret introvert. There's no hack
or system or anything with getting confident on camera, and
you're definitely not born naturally confident on camera. I
mean, just look at some of my first videos. But the good
news is, camera confidence is the same as jiu-jitsu, or
cooking, or learning a language. It's a skill. And the best
thing about skills is they can be learned. So even if you're
an introvert, I hate the sound of your own voice, so I feel
like a dickhead every time you press record. And if you're
sitting there thinking I can never do YouTube because I'm
not camera confident, bollocks. You just don't have the
confidence. So let me show you the exact processes to master
the art of camera confidence. And to do that, we're going to
use the same system all martial arts use. When you get
better at the skill of martial arts, your skill is reflected
in what color belt you have. Let's say white belt beginner,
blue belt, purple belt, intermediate, black belt, advanced.
So let's apply the same framework to camera confidence. This
is how you get a white belt. So white belt, remove the
friction, make it physically easier. Before you even think
about being camera confident, you need to set yourself up so
filming isn't so painful. There are three skills to do this.
White belt skills one. Right now, I can rift most YouTube
videos without script. That's only because I spent years in
the trenches practicing everything I've shown you so far.
Hooks, problem solution, visual demos. So these days, I
don't need a script for 90% of my videos. However, I'm
actually using the script to record this course because
believe it or not, that's how I want this info to be as high
impact and condensed as possible. And that's what I'd
recommend to all beginners on YouTube, actually. I've also
recommended this to even intermediates. So write your vid.
Why? Because when you're reading from a script, you're not
trying to remember what to say and deliver it confidently at
the same time. Just focus on one thing at once. Just like
jujitsu, you get better when you train fewer things. Better.
So by yourself, your brain can focus on one thing, speaking
naturally. Buy yourself a teleprompter and thank me later.
It actually saves you time long term because you spend less
time filming and editing. Then there's white belt skill
number two. The next skill might sound stupid, but hear me
out. If you've got someone in the next room, your mind's
always thinking, can they hear me talking to camera? What if
I sound like a lunatic? And that self-consciousness shows up
in your delivery. So you get quieter, more reserved and
sound less like yourself. And to get over this, try filming
when you're by yourself, which brings us onto white belt
skill number three. If you're filming in a messy room,
wearing a wrinkled shirt with your hair all over the place,
you subconsciously feel like shit and that shows on camera.
So before you film, clean up your background or at least
tidy up what's in frame. My desk here is actually messy, but
you can't see it in frame. Wear something clean and decent.
Doesn't have to be fancy, but if you're an accountant, maybe
wear a shirt or a fitness bro, maybe put some sleeves on. I
can do this because you've already bought the course and I
wear black all the time. So it looks neat. And I wear vests
because I get sweat patches. Make sure your hair, or if
you're going bald like me, wear a hat. It's my favorite. Sit
up straight. I bet that you'd do this before a sales call to
feel confidence. Why don't you do it before filming too?
When you look good, you feel good. And when you feel good,
you present better too. Which brings us onto the next level
of camera confidence, which we can call the blue purple
belt, which is where most people fuck up. They either sound
completely flat and monotone, like they're reading a script
or a hostage video presenting on BBC announcing the queen
has just passed away. Or they ever correct and sound like a
TV's children TV presenter on cocaine. There's three skills
to find the right balance between high energy and monotone
on camera. And that's going to be, let's call it blue belt
skill one. Do you know that the camera actually flattens
your energy levels? So what feels like a six out of 10
energy levels to you looks like a three out of 10 on screen.
And if you're coming across as low energy, it's boring and
people will click off. So same for an 8.5 out of 10 with the
energy levels, be slightly louder, slightly more animated.
And if you're an introvert like me, this will feel unnatural
at first. You'll think I sound like a dickhead, but you
don't. You just need to do this like you're correcting for
the camera, dulling down your energy levels, which brings us
onto blue belt skills number two. This might sound daft, but
at least try it first. Film yourself talking about something
serious, but keep a slight smile on your face when you
speak. Your voice sounds warmer and you come across as more
likable. And when you speak through a smile, the viewer
feels like you're talking to them as a friend, not being
lectured like a teacher. People buy from people they like,
not people they feel are above them, which brings us nicely
onto blue belt skill number three. When most people try and
present a camera, they look at people like me or Homozy or
Dan Martell and think they have to copy the exact mannerisms
and styles. But if you're not naturally serious or chat
shit, this isn't going to work. You're going to have to
work. I know just be yourself is the broadest, most overused
bit of advice you'll ever hear, but when you try and pretend
to be someone else that you're not, it just comes across as
cringeworthy and it's pretty exhausting. So instead, lean
into your own personal stories, your own quirks, your
personality, your own idiosyncrasies, which brings us onto
how to actually achieve a black belt in camera confidence,
because here's the unfortunate truth. You won't get
comfortable on camera by filming once a week in your
bedroom. And if you want the kind of camera confidence to
one day sell via webinars and host masterminds and sell out
arenas, you need to put yourself in situations where feels
hard. It's just like training a muscle to get stronger. You
need to add healthy stress to your body to make filming in
the room feel easy. So I'm going to give you three
challenges to achieve this. We're going to call this the
black belt challenge. Number one, I want you to go to a
coffee shop, pull out your phone, just start filming
yourself, walking, talking, pointing at things, whatever.
When you film in public, you'll feel like everyone is
staring at you, but then you'll soon realize they're not.
Even if you think they are, after you've done this five
times, suddenly filming all in your room feels way easier.
Black belt challenge number two. If you know anything about
me, you'll know that I fucking despise voice notes, but the
good thing about these is the more times you listen to your
own voice, the more you'll hear yourself speak, the less
weird it feels. So I'm not encouraging you to send voice
notes, but pull up your camera, record yourself talking
through ideas, bonus points. And if you do this in public,
you can even use an app like voice pal on your phone, which
will then ask you questions about what you've just said. I
sometimes also love dictating to chat to you BT and then
getting it to condense all my notes into a document that I
can use. Just get comfortable with hearing your voice, using
your voice, because it's going to become a strong weapon
soon. Then black belt challenge number three. Finally, this
is a mistake. I see a lot of people trying to make, but they
video getting it perfect and stops them from getting those
videos out. So each time you make a new YouTube vid, film
the first one minute of your video, watch it back once to
check for glaring mistakes. You didn't hit record, your mic
was off, the energy's low, whatever. Then stop watching it
and record the rest of the video. Don't sit there rewatching
yourself 10 times, picking apart every little thing. That's
how you spiral into, I hate how I look and I hate how I
sound and you never post anything. Stumble over a word.
Don't stop. Start again. Just keep going. If you forget a
line, pause for a second, then start again. Just keep going.
Laugh it off. Those small mistakes you make look human, and
they're how you stand out in the sea of AI. I just made a
mistake then. I'm going to start sentence again and keep
that mistake in there. These small mistakes, how you make, I
did it again. These small mistakes make how you, Jesus, keep
this in. These small mistakes make you look human and how
you stand out in the sea of AI content. See, there you go.
Nailed it that time. There's also a concept I've been
working on. I call it the aura effect and you get it from
virality. So all the creators I work with, they're a bit
timid on camera until they work hard, work hard. Work hard.
Then that first video pops off. They go viral. They get a
million views. The next time they get on camera, they go
from the persona of being, I hope this works to this works.
And for so many of you, you're just going to have to work
away to have that one video that pops off. And when it does,
you literally have a different presence on camera. For me,
this is easy. I've done good morning Britain. I've done
morning TV shows. I've done channel 10, channel seven. Once
you get comfortable in those, I've had to argue with Piers
Morgan. This is easy. Okay. So right. Graduated from white
belt to black belt and camera confidence. But if your setup
still looks like shit, bad lighting, messy, background,
terrible audio, none of that confidence matters. So let me
show you how to set up your studios. You actually look
professional and this will get your clients faster than you
can say, show me a blood test results, Chris Williamson. See
what I did there? Another binge effect at the ending of the
video. You're going to be getting the hand of this now. All
right. Okay. I'm going to move into modulate studio setup.
