Let me tell you about the most embarrassing thing I see
business owners do on YouTube. They watch Alex Hormozzi,
they see a video that gets 2 million views and they think,
right, exact title and thumbnail, I'll just copy that. But
here's why you're never going to get views if you try and
use this strategy. Because let's say you've got this
accountant from Birmingham and he's called Dave. Dave sees
Hormozzi's video with a tweet screenshot in the thumbnail.
Dave copies it exactly, uses the same title, format. But
here's the problem. Dave has 47 Twitter followers and runs a
local accounting practice 10 minutes outside Solihull. So
here's a question for you. When YouTube shows both videos on
the homepage, which one do you think people are going to
click? The one from the guy who just did a $100 million book
launch with a team of a thousand people? Or Dave from
Birmingham who's never told a story in his life? And this is
where 99% of business channels are failing with the
ideation. They try and compete in a red ocean against people
like Hormozzi, Cody Sanchez, Dan Martel. Creators have been
around for decades with massive teams and endless
credibility. And you're never going to win that fight. But
here's what Dave should have done instead. And it's exactly
what I'm going to show you to do to reliably find video
ideas that you can put into action that won't come across as
cringe. Like copying another Alex Hormozzi vid. You know
you've done it. I know you've done it. Stop it. I've done
it. Finding viral video ideas is literally the most
important thing you can do to grow on YouTube. Once you've
got your positioning right, you need to start replicating
what works without looking like a complete muppet. And there
are basically six ways that you can do this. The ideation
tactic number one would be the niche ladder method. First,
you need to understand what I mean when I say the niche
ladder. Let's say you're an accountant. You're looking to
find viral videos online where there are basically four
levels you can pull ideas from. Level one would be the
direct niche. This would be other accountants doing the
exact same thing as you. Then we could go to level two,
which would be adjacent niches. These could be other local
service-based businesses like chiropractors, dentists,
perhaps also finance content creators like Damien Talks
Money or Humphrey Yang. Then we go another step to level
three, which would be broader businesses. And this is your
general business content. The Hormozy, the Amagadzi, the
Simon Squibbs, and maybe even level four. Any niche,
entertainment, lifestyle, Jake Paul, whatever, for whatever
reason. The key thing here is that you want to start in
level one and pull out the best ideas from this place first.
They have the best chance of performing well, as there'll be
tons less competition. If I'm ideating for my fitness
channel, you can look at Jeremy Athea, Jeff Nippard, Matt
Does Fitness before going any wider. But here's the key, you
don't want to directly copy their video ideas. We're going
to talk about titles and thumbnails soon, but for now, we
need to continually collect as many of these viral video
ideas as possible. And to do that, I'm going to need you to
build what I would call an outlier store. Now, for the
outlier store, you can use several things. I use Milanote
with a couple of guys in the team for this, but you can use
anything. First, make a list of 10 to 20 of your
competitors. And this is going to be something that you
listen to and you're like, yeah, yeah, yeah. You get to the
next bit, literally do this because this is going to make
ideation so much easier. Now, aim for the majority of them
to come from level one and a few from level two and go to
these channels and copy and paste the video links from their
most viral videos of the last two years into your Milanote.
Milanote is something you can use. You can use it to Google
Docs or whatever. Milanote is just pretty easy. It looks
nice. You should have something that looks like this. Now,
here's where most people fuck up with this. They get so
obsessed with research. They never make a video. So set a
hard limit. Pick six channels, find four to five outliers
from each, spot the patterns, and then stop researching and
move on to making the video. So here's the actionable step.
Build your niche ladder, list 10 to 20 competitors across
these four levels, focusing mainly on level one and two.
Then pick six of these channels, whichever ones you go, yep,
yep, yep, yep. Collect four or five viral videos, paste them
into Milanote, into your research document. Then finally set
a hard limit of two hours for this research. You can try and
find the perfect idea, but if you never execute it, it's
worthless. I know Alex Formosey talks about that famous
experiment where one group of people were to make a perfect
pot and the other group of people were to make as many pots
as they could possible. And the people that were making as
many pots as possible made the perfect pot because they
weren't paralyzed with the one. They instead got the
repetitions going as many as possible. They became the
master that way. So you can over-research, you can under
-research about finding the balance, but having those
competitors, it's going to save you time. Think about this,
let's say, removed from YouTube, we're on Instagram, we're
looking for lead magnets. Chances are your competitor is a
few years ahead of you, has done five, six, ten lead
magnets, and the one that they've got active is the one that
worked the best. So if you take that and make three
variations of it, but better, you've just saved all the time
and effort and energy that they made with the other nine
lead magnets and worked too well for them, and you get to
skip that step. They call it standing on the shoulders of
giants, or just steal shit that worked. Again, let's look at
Apple. Are Apple innovative? They kind of just let Samsung
do it, and if Samsung keep it for long enough, Apple just
implement it, but better. Okay, next I'm going to show you a
couple more advanced ways to collect these viral video
ideas, and then we can look at how to make them into titles
and thumbnails from those. Think about it this way. Think
about a dinner, Big Mac, KFC, gravy wings, pizza, all from
your favorite foods and favorite restaurants in one place.
That's what this research miller note is going to look like.
Your favorite creators in your niche, the best things
they've ever created. Because let's be real, like McDonald's
has a lot of burgers, but the Big Mac is the King, then KFC
does a lot of stuff. Give me some of that popcorn chicken.
So it's about having a red, hot, amazing place with all the
favorite things that's making me salivate. And again, I know
it can seem silly to steal things from people, but I did a
video about metabolism. So I went to Jeff Nippard's video,
and his video was the most viewed video on YouTube. So I
watched it, and there was five facts in there that I didn't
have in my video. So I stole them, and I put them into my
video. And I remember when I posted it, someone went, oh,
it's quite apparent that you watched Jeff Nippard's video
before posting this. And I went, yeah, because I would be
doing people a disservice if I didn't go and take the best
five parts from his video, because his video was a bit
boring. It was a bit dull. Mine was funny. So considering
that I'm creating a masterpiece for you, the audience, I've
got two options here. I can either take the best parts from
Jeff's video and put them in mine, or I cannot. And to not,
or to give you a worse experience. So I said to the person,
the moany little cunt in the comment, said, oi, I did this
for you. So stop moaning, you prick. Another thing for
ideation, just before I forget, is that Ed did teach us that
sometimes you create a brand new browsing window on YouTube,
and you do your competitor analysis on that. So that as
you're researching, everything you get recommended will be
in line with the things you've been searching for. So maybe
you go to Chrome. Maybe you open a new browser. Maybe you
have something that just is for competitor analysis. And
that's where the algorithm is then going to find other
interesting creators, businesses, niches that you've never
heard of. And it will start suggesting them to you. So if I
open YouTube over here, you'll notice I've got a bit of a
vidIQ plugin. Now vidIQ, I've got one of 10 over here as
well, but I'm not logged in. VidIQ is pretty good. I use one
of the cheapest versions of it because I'm a cheapskate. Now
I just, I've used it before and I just didn't get that much
value from it. But what is pretty good here is I can go
through videos and see how they're performing. So for
instance, this one's quite a new one, but if we go to the
James Smith business channel, let's say I was a business to
business, business coach, teaching coaches how to do
business straight away. Cause you've got like a little pop
-up banner here. Now this is quite a cool one. We can click
on view trending videos because we can look at the videos
that are doing the most amount of views, but this tells us
which one people are watching in real time. Because
sometimes trends is more important than anything else. So
you can see here, this one's getting 235 views per hour. If
we look here, these colors will represent how well something
is doing compared to usual. So this one, let's wait for it
to load. 3.2 more views than usual. 2.5 more views than
usual. 2.5 more views than usual. This one, 2.3. So we can
see exactly what videos are doing well. So we can go
descending. So now we can see the outliers on this channel.
So the laziest way to make money in 2025, I really need to
remake that video. Why? Because it did really, really well.
Again, social media is changing in 2026. This one did really
well. So we just want to jump on top of these. Now,
interestingly, let's have a look at Iman Gadzi here. If I go
to his videos, I can then potentially look at his biggest
outliers. So if you look to here, 3 and 8.2, laziest way to
make money online in 2026, $100 a day. It's getting 47 views
per hour, 230 views per hour, 45 views per hour. These ones
did better than everything else. So this is interesting. We
can see that the laziest way here, these are the kind of
things that you're going to find from the ideation. Starting
his title with laziest way created him the two most popular
videos here. So you would steal that title. Then just before
you move away, you see these two thumbnails here in the car
red seatbelt. So some know that's a Ferrari, some don't. But
again, we now know that even though these are completely
different videos, the visual seeing someone convertible, red
leather interior, obviously having a massive impact. We can
see another thing here that even in across here, money
behind the head, money behind the head, money behind the
head, money behind the head, money behind the head, money
behind the head, or money in front of the head, money behind
the head. So we're starting to see the money behind has a
big impact. Now, if we wanted to look at the videos that
perform the worst here, we can start to understand what's
not working. Now, of course, the golden rule that you're
probably thinking is, but James, I didn't think we wanted
viral videos. It's not always the virality we're looking
for. We're looking for what the audience is vibing with.
That's really what we're looking for here. So again, if we
go to my videos, 0.9, 0.3, 1.4. So we can really see 3.7. So
fat loss just changed forever. Probably need to make another
version of that. Still gets 20 views per hour. Far out. So I
look at trending videos because this might even surprise me
and this is my own channel. The Gummy Scandal, still doing
120 views per hour, 20 views per hour. AG1, still doing,
these are still doing pretty good numbers. Two years old,
yeah, no. So VideoIQ is a good plugin. It's like six, maybe
$7 a month. Don't test me on that. And it benefits you being
able to see what's potentially working and what isn't. Oh,
but quickly before we stop recording, you would have seen
Iman's best title, right? Laziest way to make money. Oh,
looks like you got the exact same title, James. Well, I'll
tell you what we could do here, ladies and gentlemen. So I'm
going to take this. Because you would have noticed that in
his title, he has changed it to 2026. Because at the time of
recording this, we're about to go into 2026. So I probably
want to edit. Like right now, you are getting to see the
Unagi effect. I've just spotted something. Seen something
that's working. Competitor emulation. I've done it myself.
If this isn't worth the money, he paid for this course. I
don't know what it is. Okay, now we're going to get into the
next module about ideation.
