So when you open up DaVinci Resolve the first screen you're
going to be greeted with is this which is the project
manager. You're then going to create a new project down the
bottom here click let's name this DaVinci tutorial and then
select create. Okay so here we are in DaVinci Resolve. The
first thing I want to draw your attention to is these icons
down the bottom of the screen. These are the individual
workspaces within DaVinci Resolve and each one has its own
specific function. That being said because this is a
complete beginner tutorial we're not going to go through
every single workspace in DaVinci Resolve but we will go
through the ones that you need in order to get started. So
just quickly I'll explain the functions of each workspace.
The first one is the media pool. This is where you would
import and organize your footage and it's a great place to
build the foundations of your project. The next tab is the
cut tab. I personally don't really use this tab in DaVinci
Resolve but it's useful if you want to do a quick
streamlined edit with minimal complexity or a great place to
do a rough first draft. Moving on we have the edit tab. Now
this is where you'll spend any amount of time you need to do
amount 80% of the time editing your project. It has pretty
a rough first draft. Now this is where you'll spend any
much everything you need and you can essentially do
everything you can do in the first two workspaces in this
workspace alone. So this is generally where I would start
all my projects. The next workspace is the fusion tab. This
is a little bit more advanced and we won't cover this in
this tutorial. However if you wanted to make animations,
motion graphics, do 3D compositing or anything like that
this is the workspace for you. The next workspace is the
color workspace. This is where you will do basic color
correction as well as develop creative looks or color
grades. We will cover this in a bit. We then have the
fairlight workspace. This is a dedicated audio specific
workspace where you're able to add audio effects, do more
advanced sound design and many other audio related tasks.
This again is a little bit more advanced so we won't be
covering this in this tutorial. And the final tab is the
export tab. This is where you'll save your video and you can
export it in any format you like. So we're going to start in
the media tab. This is a great place for me to explain good
etiquette when setting up your editing project. The first
thing I'm going to do is we're going to create some folders
where we can organize our video. So we're going to create
some folders where we can organize our footage. To do this
you're going to simply right click new bin. A bin is what
DaVinci Resolve calls a folder. Let's name this day one and
we'll create one more folder and we'll name that day two.
Now you can organize your footage however you like. Common
ways would be to organize it by what day it was shot on. You
could do what camera, what location. Whatever's going to
make your workflow easier for your specific project. We're
now going to click into day one and we're going to import
our first footage. So to do that we're going to simply right
click and press import media or for a shortcut you can
simply press command I. We're now going to drag in the
footage that we'll be using into the folder and click open.
You're then going to get this message pop up which asks you
do you want to change the project frame rate. You're going
to select change. That will also bring me on to one more
step you want to do in the beginning of your project which
is to select the right project settings. To do that go down
to the bottom right hand corner where the settings icon is.
Select that and here you are. You're able to just check what
resolution you want to use and what frame rate you want to
use. For this tutorial I want to go in 4k so I'm going to
select this menu here. Scroll down and select ultra HD. Only
select this if your footage was actually shot in 4k. There's
no point in using 1080p footage and then changing this to
4k. It won't magically upscale the resolution or anything
like that. Just keep that in mind. Another pro tip as well
is if your computer's struggling to play back the footage
you can actually change the resolution lower. For example go
back to 1080p and that will make the playback a bit smoother
and then when it's time to export you can go back and change
it to 4k and you'll notice that our frame rate down here is
set to 23.976 which I'm going to leave because our footage
was shot in the same frame rate. We're then going to go down
and click save. Now you'll notice that all our files have
been imported into our project. At the very top we have our
media viewer and if you drag your cursor along the clip it
will then play back in the media viewer above which is super
handy just to see what clips are what. Now at this point
we're going to skip the cut tab and move straight to the
edit tab. The first thing we're going to do is open up the
media pool. So if it goes to the top left hand corner and
you see this icon we're going to click see our footage that
we imported earlier. Okay let's drag our first clip onto the
timeline. Select the clip and drag it down below and place
it simply like that. Now this blue clip is the video file
and down below we have the audio file. You can expand this
simply by dragging this line here and then dragging this
line down here. To the left you'll notice we have a few
icons. The only ones I want you to worry about right now is
the disable clip which will disable all clips on that video
track and the mute icon which will mute all the audio on
that audio track. We're going to undo this by pressing
command and then click save. Now we're going to drag our
first clip onto the timeline. Okay now you'll notice a few
icons along the top here. These are our editing tools. The
first one is just a selection tool. We can use this to drag
our footage. Let's drag another clip in. We can drag it up
like so using this selection tool. The next one is the trim
tool. So what the trim tool does is it does something called
a ripple edit. So if I wanted to drag the end of the clip
and make it shorter it would do so but at the same time
you'll notice that it brings the following clip with it. So
this is called a ripple edit. As you shorten a clip it would
then pull the following clips with it to close any gaps.
Super useful. And then the next tool we're going to look at
is the blade tool. This will allow you to split the clip in
a specific point. Let's say we want to split it here. We can
click that. Go back to the selection tool. We can select
that clip. We can delete it and then we can drag this file
back to close the gap. These are the basic edits that you'll
be making to your clips. However there is a way you can do
this much faster and I'm going to show you now a few super
useful keyboard shortcuts. To make this easy for you I've
created a free preset. You can click on it and it will take
you to the clip. You can click on it and you can download in
the description down below. Once you've downloaded it you
can go up to your top left hand corner. Select keyboard
customization. You're then going to click these three dots
at the top right hand corner. Select import preset and then
navigate to this file that I've included in the description
down below. Select it and press open. Oh yeah one more thing
to note as well. I've added the pdf in there too that you
can refer back to in case you forget any of the shortcuts
I'm about to teach you now. So once you've selected that
Declan TXT file select open. Let's name this shortcuts and
select ok. The shortcuts I'm about to teach you will now all
be accessible within your editing software. Ok super simple
three shortcuts. These will save you so much time. The first
one is split clip. So if I drag this playhead here rather
than having to press that blade tool every time I'm simply
going to press w on my keyboard. That will split the clip.
Ok then let's say I wanted the clip to end here. Now I can
simply press e which will ripple delete which means it will
cut here, delete everything here and then drag this clip
into place. So pressing e like that. Super simple super
easy. Then let's say for example that I wanted the clip to
start here. Q will ripple delete everything to the left. So
if I press q to the left. So just to summarize w splits the
clip, e ripple delete everything to the right and q is going
to ripple delete everything to the left like so. So when
you're chopping and cutting up your footage these three
commands will save you so much time. And you can download
that preset for free. Link in the description down below. Ok
so the next few things I want to show you are these two
icons here. The first one is the snapping tool. The second
one is the snap tool. The third one is the snap tool. The
second one is the linked selection tool. Now what the
snapping tool does is when you drag your clip like so and it
reaches the end of another clip you'll get this indicating
line showing up here. What that means is that when you drag
the clip and it gets close to another one it'll
automatically snap together almost like a magnet. Hence why
they use a magnet as the icon. So snapping tool will snap
your clips together like so. If I turn that off I won't have
that same guy to know when I've hit the end of the clip. So
I recommend keeping that on. The next clip the link
selection tool is going to enable linking between video
files and audio files. So right now as I drag this clip you
can see the video and audio drags together. If I were to
select this icon here then just the video file would move
rather than the entire selection. Again recommend to leave
this on. Now if you wanted to just drag in a video file
without bringing the audio you can do so by finding your
clip, double click on the clip and then you'll get these two
options here. On the left we'll just drag in the video file
only. So if I drag that in like so I've just got a video
file so I can drag that over the top of my footage without
worrying about the audio getting in the way. Alternatively
if I go back and I now drag this icon this will drag just
the audio file down down below like so. That's a useful
quick tip to know when dragging footage onto your timeline.
Now next to the media pool we have another icon up here
which is the effects tab. So this is where you would find
your titles, transitions or any basic effects that you want
to add to your project. For example let's select this titles
icon here and now we can actually preview the included title
presets. So for example if I go to my video it's another
option you can see what these titles will come out like. You
can then drag the title down on top of your video, play it
back and the title will come like so. This is a super easy
way to get professional looking titles without doing any
work. Now in order to edit that text that will bring us on
to the next tab I want to show you which is the inspector
tab. To enable this go to the right top hand corner and
select this icon here which will open the inspector tab.
This is where you'll make all your basic transform
adjustments and any other basic effects can be found in the
inspector tab. So for this situation we've got our text here
we can write in test and that will now be represented down
below. Let's play that back like so. You do also have a few
other options in that effects tab that we won't go into now
but if you want to go through that effects tab and have a
look we've got a few different blurs, interesting effects,
all kinds of things. Have a look, experiment, see what you
like. Now going back to the inspector tab on the right I
want to briefly explain the basic controls. Firstly we have
our zoom and position controls so if we drag this in and out
we can zoom in or zoom out of our footage. To reset that go
to the left and click this icon here. We can then drag the
footage left or right, up or down using these controls.
Again resetting it on the right and then we can rotate our
clip as well. So if you wanted to crop in or change how
zoomed in a specific clip is you can do so here. You've also
got a few other options such as cropping where you can crop
to the left, right, top, bottom. Let's undo that by clicking
this icon here and then the only other thing I would use
here would be the stabilization. Let's say you had a shaky
clip we'll use this one for example but first we're going to
trim off that beginning by pressing the command Q like I
demonstrated earlier. Play it through then we'll press E and
we're just going to select this part here and we're going to
stabilize that by using the stabilization control. We can
now simply select stabilize and now when we play it back the
clip is much smoother, much more stable, almost like it was
shot on a gimbal. Now you'll notice that there are three
different types here. You don't need to know what each one
does but if for some reason you try perspective and it
didn't work properly try similarity. If that didn't work try
translation and alternate between the two. If you don't know
what each one does you can just play the clip between those
three to see what gives you the best effect for your
specific scenario. Now one more thing that's a little bit
more advanced that I'm going to briefly touch on is
keyframes. So a keyframe is a specific frame in a video that
signifies the start or end of an adjustment. So let me show
you how that actually works. Let's say we wanted to zoom in
on our dog here. We could start by going to our zoom
controls and now on the right this icon here is the
keyframe. So let's select that then let's say we want to
drag to the end and now we want the clip to zoom in. We'll
then simply select another keyframe, zoom in and now let's
go back to the beginning of the clip and let's play it back.
So as you can see the video will zoom in in between those
two keyframes we just set. So again look at the top right
hand corner here these adjustments are changing which is
signifying the adjustment that's being made between those
two keyframes. Most of the effects and adjustments that you
can make in the visual resolve can all be keyframed which
gives you more control over how they're used. Now we can
actually get a visual representation of these keyframes if
we go to the top left hand corner and select this icon.
It'll now open up the keyframe and it'll show us the
keyframe tab. So if we go back and play the clip again you
can see our keyframes here we play it and it zooms in until
we get to these final keyframes. If we wanted to adjust
these keyframes you can simply drag them pull it back and
make the adjustment shorter. So this time when we play it
back it'll be a faster adjustment like so and that will
stop. Again I'm going to show you something slightly more
advanced which is how to ease in or ease out of your
keyframes which simply means to smooth them. To do this
we're going to click this icon here and we're then going to
select this icon up here which is going to enable all the
transform curves and we can see our adjustment here. This is
the effect it goes straight then a sudden adjustment and
then straight again. To smooth this out we would simply
select both keyframes and we would then select this icon and
we can pick ease in ease out like so and as you can see now
it's a smoother adjustment and we can go ahead and smooth
that even more by dragging that like so. So you can see now
the adjustment is nice and smooth. We eased in and then we
eased out. Now one more quick thing I want to show you as
well is how to adjust the volume of your audio tracks. So if
we go back to the inspector and we select this icon audio we
can now turn this volume up by dragging this slider here or
turn it down like so. So let's say we had a music track
which we can add by going back to the media pool right click
import media and then select our audio file open and we can
drag this in and then if we wanted to turn the volume down
on the audio so it doesn't overpower the video we can go to
the volume and we can turn that down like so. So that is
your volume controls. All right so that is a basic overview
of the edit tab. If you're able to incorporate all those
things I just taught you, you should have no problem editing
your own projects. We'll now move on to the color page. So
we're going to skip the fusion page and go straight to the
color page. So here we are in the color page. So we've got
our media viewer here, we've got our nodes which I'll
explain to you in a second, we've got our scopes, we've got
our adjustments and we've got our clips down here. Now
before we get started there are a few project setting
adjustments that I want to make before we start grading.
These adjustments are only relevant if you're shooting on a
Mac. If you're shooting on a Windows ignore this step. Now,
to make these adjustments you're going to select this icon
down here. We're then going to go to color management and
we're going to make sure that the timeline color space and
the output color space are saved as rec 709a. This is going
to ensure that when you export your footage that your video
will look the same as it did while you were color grading in
DaVinci Resolve. There's a common problem where you export
and you'll get these weird color and contrast shifts. This
will solve that problem. You're then going to come to the
right top hand corner, select these three dots and select
save current settings. This is going to make sure that you
don't have to do this step ever again. You'll get this
message here and then you'll select update. Now there's one
more thing we need to do as well. We'll go up to the top
left hand corner, select preferences, system, general and
make sure use Mac display color profiles for viewers is
selected if you are using a Mac. If you're using a Windows
ignore this step completely. Then select save. Alright so
let's get started. Now I want to teach you how to color
correct your footage. Take it from this to this. To do this
we're going to create four nodes. We can do this by simply
pressing option s on the keyboard like so. Alright so what
is a node? A node is basically like a building block where
you can add a specific adjustment to your clip. Each node
builds upon the next one and continually stacks adjustments.
Now because this video file was shot in log which is a
specific picture profile that causes it to look all grey and
washed out. The first thing you need to do is transform this
video file into rec 709 which is the standard viewing
profile. If you shot this on an iPhone or you haven't shot
in log you can ignore this step. For those of you that did
shoot your video clip in log you're simply going to select
at the top right hand corner where it says FX and you're
going to search for color space transform. Which if you
don't see it here you can select this icon here and search
it. You're then going to drag it and add it to the final
node in your sequence. Now this is very important that if
you're adding this effect it has to be the final node in the
sequence this is because it transforms our footage into a
more compressed color space that's designed to be viewed on
most screens. When we shoot in log you're going to need a
certain amount of color space to log it gives us more
flexibility and more dynamic range so all the adjustments we
make need to be before this node so that we can make use of
that extra flexibility we get when editing in log. Now once
we've added that effect we need to go into here and we need
to select the correct input color space and input gamma. I
shot this video using s log 3 so we're going to go down into
here find s gamut 3 cine which is what I used then go down
and find s log 3. Our video file has now been converted to
rec 709 and it now looks much more normal. We can then close
this icon here and then we'll select the first node we're
going to right click this name this exposure we'll name the
second one white balance the third one saturation and I'm
actually going to add one more node and we'll call that one
curves. Okay so here we have five nodes and then we'll
rename the last one cst which stands for color space
transform which is the effect we just added to that. Okay so
now we have five nodes we're going to start on the exposure
node first. So So when adjusting a clip's exposure the first
thing we need to do is open up a waveform scope. So to do
that come down to the bottom right hand corner select this
icon here and select waveform. We can also close these clips
here to give us more space to view our adjustments by
selecting this icon up here. All right now the adjustments
we're going to use to change the exposure of the image are
the lift gamma gain and offset wheels. Now to simplify this
for you I'm going to compare each of these adjustments to
shadows mid-tones highlights and general exposure. So for
example the lift gamma will increase the darkest points of
the image gamma will increase the mid-tones of the image and
the gain will affect the highlights of the image and then
the offset will affect the general exposure of the image.
Now I do have to make this clear these are not the exact
same as shadows mid-tones and highlights as we've actually
got specific adjustments for that in the log wheels down
below. However in order for you to understand how they work
you can compare them to shadows mid-tones highlights. The
key difference however is the lift gamma and gain
adjustments are a little bit more of a softer adjustment.
That affects the image on a global scale. Shadows mid-tones
and highlights are more specific and sharper adjustments.
Generally using the lift gamma and gain is a better option
when trying to create your desired exposure. So we're going
to reset this adjustment here by clicking this icon and
we'll now go in and we'll make the adjustments we want to
make. I'm going to raise up the gain like so bring down the
gamma a little bit and bring up the lift till we've got a
point where we're happy with the exposure. Now if you look
at the right hand side here we've got our waveform scopes.
What this does is it represents the contrast of an image and
it also lets us know if we're pushing our adjustments too
far. So if we remove this adjustment here and then we turn
off the colour space transform adjustment you can see now
that our image is only taking up a small portion of the
waveform. This is showing us that there is not much
contrast. By adding in that CST and exposure we can see that
we've stretched that image over a wider spectrum of exposure
bringing in more highlights and gain creating a more
balanced and contrasted image. Now if I was to push my gain
up too high like so you can see that the image starts to
flatten at the top of the scope and that is represented in
our image over here as being too bright or overexposed. The
technical term for this is clipping, highlight clipping. So
our highlights here are losing detail. Once the highlights
go past 90 to 100 it begins to flatten out and we lose that
information. So it's very important when you're colour
grading or colour correcting that you ensure the highlights
are safely below these numbers. So let's bring that back
down again like so making sure we're keeping this ideally
spot to be safe like so. Alternatively our shadows can also
get too dark and we can lose information in the shadows
which the technical term for this is crushing the shadows.
So now you can see here it's flat lined and in our image
we've lost information in the darkest points of the image.
So again we want to ensure that when we're grading that we
make sure we've got room below and on top to keep our image
exposed correctly and avoiding being too overexposed or
underexposed. Okay so the next adjustment we're going to
make is going to be the white balance adjustment. So we'll
select this icon and then we'll go back down to our scopes.
We'll change this to the vectorscope. Alright so this is the
vectorscope and we use this to accurately make adjustments
to our image's white balance. For this situation the white
balance actually looks pretty good because the majority of
the image is falling on that centre point as well as the
skin tones are roughly along this line here which is the
skin tone indicator. So if our image was to be too warm for
example it would look something like this. As you can see
here the temperature and colours are completely off and that
is represented down here in the vectorscope as well. If you
were to break that back into the centre of the image we get
a more balanced adjustment like so. Now it's important to
use both your eyes and the vectorscope when making these
adjustments as it's difficult to make an accurate adjustment
without referring to both of them. You also if possible want
to line up these skin tones with this skin tone line here.
So if I drag this over like so we've now got our skin tones
in a pretty good position and it's looking pretty good so
far in the image. We'll then move over to our saturation
node and to adjust our saturation we're going to select this
icon here and then we're going to drag this saturation
adjustment. Like so, pump in some saturation. Now at this
point of the image I actually want to go back and bring up
this shadows just a little bit because they're looking a bit
too dark. So I'll go back to the exposure node, go back to
the colour wheels and I'm just going to ever so slightly
bring up the gamma wheel like so and I think that looks a
bit better. We're then going to move on to our final
adjustment which is the curves adjustment and we're going to
select this icon here and we're going to create an s-curve
which is basically going to add in some extra contrast. So
let's do that, create one point here, create one point here
and we'll drag up the highlights and ever so slightly drag
down these shadows which is going to give us some contrast.
So that's before, after, before, after. Just creates a
little bit more pop. So here we have our colour corrected
image. This is before, that's after, before and after. Now
if you wanted to learn more about colour grading I've
actually made a specific video all about colour grading for
complete beginners that will teach you how to bring your
footage from this to this, this to this and also this to
this. I'm going to leave a link where you can watch that
video at the end of this video so stick around to the end
for that. We are now going to skip this fairlight tab and go
straight to the final export tab here. So this is where you
can export and save your video. So there's a very simple way
you can export your project and that is to use the inbuilt
export presets included within DaVinci Resolve. So if we
come up to the top here and we simply scroll we can see one
for YouTube, we can select YouTube 1080p, select it like so
and we can also make a 4k version too. We can name our
project test, we can select an export location such as the
desktop, save and then all you have to do is select add to
render queue and render all. It's as simple as that. If
you're editing for Instagram or social media you can go up
to this icon here which is the TikTok preset, simply click
on that, again select where you're going to save the video,
desktop again and simply add to render queue like so and
render. If you're just starting out I recommend using those
two export presets, however if you wanted to export it and
maximise the amount of quality I would go to the custom
export here and I would then simply go here, change this to
80,000, encoding profile again selecting what you wanted to
save, add to render queue and select render. All right so
that is the end of the tutorial.
