So around a year ago, James exposed some dude in the same
niche as him who had literally copied his video. It's almost
identical. Obviously, we can all agree that this is
completely wrong to do. But why then is it that all the
gurus tell you, well, just copy the packaging of what works?
Well, that's where this common advice actually misses a
trick. Because all the business owners that I know who are
making the most money on YouTube understand one thing. That
in order to stand out and get views, they have to use one of
those nine thumbnail styles I showed you. But the trick is
they have to create a unique style based on them. So in this
video, I want to show you the three quick ways to create
your own thumbnail style that's not only incredibly good and
gets clicks, but is also so unique that your competitors
actually start copying you. But first, I want to show you
the biggest mistake that most business owners run into when
they try to copy other packaging on YouTube. And to be
honest, it just makes them look a little bit cringe. And
when you look cringe, you don't get views and you don't get
sales, pal. Now look, just to be clear, I mean absolutely no
disrespect to any of the people that I'm about to mention.
But I want to show you something really, really interesting.
Now, hopefully you recognize these guys on screen, but it's
totally okay if you don't. On the left is an Iman Gadsdy
video and on the right is a Charlie Morgan video from a
couple of years ago. Now, you'll notice that the thumbnails
look kind of similar, right? In fact, they look almost
identical. So why then does the Charlie Morgan video have
like 1% of the Iman Gadsdy views? Well, think about this.
Have you ever been on holiday and seen those people on the
beach who are selling Gucci clothes? Except you know this
isn't Gucci. It's Gookie. And if you buy anything from them,
yes, this Gookie might look similar to the original, but the
quality of the materials, the longevity, basically
everything about the clothing or the shoes, whatever you
buy, it's going to suck in comparison to the original
design. Now, to the untrained eye, this might look fine and
people won't be able to tell the difference in that you're
not actually wearing a legit designer brand. But for
somebody who has designer clothes, they're going to notice
this difference straight away. And if they see you trying to
pass off fake Gucci as something real, do you think that
they're going to think you're a trustworthy, credible person
with original ideas? Probably not, right? Might be a bit of
a stretch, but I think the exact same is true for
thumbnails. Because if you directly copy the packaging from
a competitor, like Charlie used to do with Iman, not only do
you get way less views, but your trust and credibility
plummet, in my opinion, which obviously affects how many
people buy your offer. However, look here at what happened
to Charlie Morgan's views when he stopped directly copying
Iman and started trying different thumbnails that only he
was making at the time. Here, he was getting 40 times more
views than compared to that first thumbnail that I showed
you. And nowadays, people are copying Charlie Morgan's
unique style of thumbnails and end up looking like their own
cookie of YouTube. I mean, how many times have you seen
these kind of Miro style thumbnails with a screen recording
in the corner and some like scraggly system? Probably a lot,
right? So how do you actually copy the packaging strategies
of what works for your competitors without just looking like
a cheap imitation? Well, it's all to do with using a
thumbnail strategy that I call ethical stealing. And let me
show you how I've used this strategy on my own channel to
make these two thumbnails, which have combined brought me in
over 1 million long form views. So how does this whole
ethical stealing thing actually work, Oli? Well, you need to
understand that the biggest mistake Charlie was making, and
actually many business owners make, is thinking that the key
to standing out is replicating just one outlier thumbnail.
Well, that's actually wrong. So here's what you do instead.
Because what you need to understand, about 99% of thumbnails
you see on YouTube, is that there's realistically only three
different types of things you can change. You can change the
subject, that's like the person, the object, or the item in
the thumbnail. You can change the background, that's things
like the setting, the colors, the props, and you can also
change the text. That's the font, where it's actually placed
on the image, and what it actually says, like the wording.
So when you find an outlier thumbnail you want to imitate,
you have to make sure that you're changing at least two out
of those three things in order to create something original.
So to show you how to do this, let's take a look at another
example of one of these gookie imitations. Now, here you'll
see that Ed made a video that got over 100,000 views. This
is this dude, which used a very similar thumbnail in this
video, and he got 700 views. Let's take a look at why. Now,
does the subject here change? Well, aside from being
different people, the subjects don't really change at all. I
mean, it's the same close-up of a person looking kind of
curious, framed on the right-hand side of the image. Now,
you could get really pedantic here and argue that the t
-shirt being a different color makes a huge difference, but
I'm going to argue that that isn't really a significant
change. So the subject here doesn't change at all. Next,
does the background change? Well, no. Look, obviously not at
all. It's the exact same black gradient, where you have this
kind of deep black on the left that slowly fades into a
lighter color behind the subject. So the background doesn't
change. So that's two of the things that are the exact same.
Now, finally, does the text change? Not at all. Not only is
the text the exact same, basically. I mean, look, tell your
story, tell their story, whatever. It's like basically the
same. But this guy's also using the exact same font that Ed
uses and puts the YouTube logo in the exact same place. And
the result here is that the thumbnail imitation gets way
less views than Ed's original because it just looks like a
cheap emulation, just like Gookie. So now, let's compare
this with what I did when I was making my videos with like
500,000, 600,000 views, so you can see how to actually
ethically steal from your competitors. So to start with, I
found this outlier packaging from Reizu. This kind of
journal thumbnail top-down shot. And again, as a reminder,
this is my thumbnail. So let's do the exact same thing we
did with Ed and the other dude here. So first up, does the
subject change? Well, the subject here is the journal. And
to be honest, it's very, very similar. But if you look
closely, you can see how the layout of my journal is a
little bit different. And obviously, my hands are placed
differently in the frame. I think it's different enough so
that you can see I've taken some inspiration. But even if we
say here that the subject kind of stays the same, that's
fine. Because let's take a look at the next thing. Does the
background change? Now, here is a pretty big difference,
right? I noticed that Reizu was using this dark wood
background. But my background is a table that's bright
orange. And obviously, I'm using way different props on the
table. Now, if you remove the journal here, there's no way
you would be able to tell that I copied Reizu. Which brings
us on to the third thing. Does the text change? Now, this is
the biggest point of difference. And this is how you can
really stand out. Now, look, don't tell anyone. I literally
just made the name dopamine journal up. Imagine now if I
just called my system, the life tracker too, the same as
Reizu. At this point, we will be getting into some serious
gooky territory again. So hopefully now you can see how,
okay, maybe I've not changed everything, all of those three
points of difference. But there's at least two key points of
distinction there between my thumbnail and Reizu's. And this
is how you use outlier packaging and change it to create
something that appears new. But you might be asking now, how
do you come up with those ideas for like changing the
background and changing the text? And how do you know
exactly what to change in a way that's still going to get
views? When I was doing my ideation, I screenshotted this
thumbnail from Reizu and added that to my Milanote vision
board. But then I kept looking for other outlier packaging
and thumbnails in the journaling productivity space. And
you'll see here how I found a couple of outliers from Ali
Abdaal and noticed the word dopamine kept appearing in his
titles that were getting loads of views. So basically, I
just stole this and put it on the text of my own thumbnail
because I figured it might do quite well. And I also used
Ali's font style here to make sure that my font was
different to Reizu's. And you can see, I also put in a red
arrow that I know just works on YouTube thumbnails too. In
terms of the lighter background, again, I took inspiration
from Ali's channel because I saw he'd made some kind of
outlier videos that had a white background. So I thought,
hmm, maybe I can find a kind of in between. So I changed the
background. And then I also saw a Peter McKinnon outlier
thumbnail that seemed to have loads of colors and boxes,
that kind of thing on his journal. So I kind of used a
similar thing on my journal pages and tried to keep that
aesthetic. So with all of that in mind, because I'm taking
bits and pieces from different thumbnails that get lots of
views, you create something that yes, we know works, but is
original enough for people not to notice that you've
directly copied their style. The problem here is that 99% of
people on YouTube just copy one thumbnail and they become a
gucky, but then they complain why it doesn't get any views.
So the key to creating unique thumbnails that actually get
views and sales is using this ethical steaming method, where
you find one outlier and then mix and match at least two
other thumbnail elements with other outlier packaging in
your niche. So now that you know how to create thumbnails so
good and original that your competitors start copying you,
trust me, it started happening with me and it was a really
weird experience. Well, I can bet at this point that you're
still breaking seven pretty simple and fundamental design
rules that are going to mean that this ethical steaming
technique isn't going to work anywhere near as well as it
should. So let me show you the seven design rules you need
to follow to make thumbnails look good and get clicked. I
call it the method. So watch the next video to find out
exactly how it works.
