All right, welcome to the Silver Play Button course. I'm
James, but to be honest, I'd be alarmed if you didn't
already know that. Over the past few years, I've used
YouTube to grow multiple businesses and make a few million
dollars. So I started with the main channel, started in
2017, didn't really do anything with it for years. I used to
think that it was a place just to put long videos. So I'd
chuck long videos on it and then I wouldn't really get any
performance from it. So I'd wait another six months. Then
I'd go back and I'd do a bit more and nothing ever quite
works because I didn't really understand what I was doing
with the channel. Then it got to about 2022, started
throwing absolutely everything at it and got a little bit of
growth and I was enough motivated to seek help. And I've
spent now tens of thousands of dollars in YouTube
development and learning. And pretty much in this course,
I'm going to teach you everything they taught me with a
sprinkle of what I learned across the way. The main channel
at the moment is nearly at half a million subscribers, which
is cool, but it is not the main focus of my care and
attention. We'll get into that probably later as we go
through the course. We then have my business channel, which
makes me the most money. It's coming up to 50,000, 50,000
subscribers. That is the one where I would say we're putting
the most focus, having the most impact and changing the most
lives. We track sales on that. So some of the videos on that
channel have made 16, 17, maybe even 20,000 US dollars,
which is insane considering we don't really put more than
the day's effort into it. Then my third YouTube channel is
the podcast, which has about 50,000 subscribers as well. So
hopefully, although I've got one silver play button behind
me in a matter of a few months, there'll be three there,
which would be nice. Although just because you've got a
silver play button doesn't make you better than other
people, but it is quite nice. To have in the background when
you're making videos. Now, there is some bad news. This
course isn't going to show you how to become a full-time
YouTuber or exactly how to go viral every week and have kids
screaming like, oh my God, that's that person from YouTube.
And instead, this course will show you how to use YouTube as
a marketing tool to sell your existing products and services
as a business owner. Because I've tried running a YouTube
channel just to be famous and it didn't pay that well. And
it was incredibly stressful. And I was always thinking, how
can I make a new viral video? And the most money I ever made
from viral videos, was 10,000 pounds in a month. And now
from non-viral videos, most untrained eyes could even look
at my business channel videos and go, oh, that one bombed.
And yet it makes considerably more than 10,000 pounds. I
would even go as far to say as my most high gross margin
video isn't even at 10,000 views. So we're going to use
YouTube as a weapon to sell your products and services. As a
business owner, I'm going to teach you exactly how I've done
it because I've done it the right way. I've done it the
wrong way. And what's crazy is if you look at how I did it
the wrong way, you've got the big following. And if you look
how I've done it the right way, I've got the small
following. And I'm going to teach you how to make YouTube,
financially more lucrative, my friends. So there's a lot to
take in and learn over this. And one thing I will say is I
have a theory I'm working on at the moment, and I call it,
why not to learn from a black belt? And in essence, you
could be here on the YouTube course, go James, you haven't
even got a million subscriber button behind you. Why am I
going to learn from you? So in jujitsu, you have belts that
go up in order. You got white, then you got blue, then you
got purple, then you got brown, then you got black. And
sometimes you might think that a white belt can learn the
most from a black belt. And in most times and cases, you'd
be true. But for me, my own jujitsu journey, sometimes I
found myself learning incredible lessons from someone just
one or two belts above me. So as a white belt, sometimes a
blue belt or a purple belt could help me exponentially more
because they were a white belt only a handful of years ago.
Whereas that black belt hasn't been a white belt for over 10
years. So although I don't have millions of YouTube subs,
although I'm not mega YouTube famous, although I've not made
hundreds of millions of dollars from YouTube, like the Alex
Hormozis, maybe the Daniel Priestley's, maybe the Stephen
Bartlett's, whatever it is, I'm only two years removed from
the exact problems and pain that I'm in. And I'm not going
to be able to learn from you. So I'm the purple belt here
saying, Hey, I know the pain you're in. I know the struggles
you've got. I know exactly how to help you with it. Whereas
if you were to go to someone more advanced than me, they
might be like, well, don't even get your issues. So to do
this and to do this well, I'm going to show you everything
you need to know about YouTube. And we're going to go over
quite a lot of different things, positioning, how to grow
your channel quickly by niching. I don't like that word, but
niching the right way. We're going to look into ideation,
titles, thumbnails, how to get people to watch your videos,
going to get into hooks and scripting, how to create fans
that We're going to look into camera confidence and set up,
how to look, how to sound like a pro who's been making
content for decades, which conveniently I have.
Monetization, how to turn viewers into buyers, which is
probably the real reason you're here and why we won't be
getting too excited about AdSense at this stage, which is
the pennies that Google will throw you for making videos.
We're going to look at outsourcing, analytics, AI, all the
fancy shit that you need when you want to scale and make it
big and make big money. And this includes little things like
tracking links. And by the end, you'll have complete system
for YouTube channel, that will make you money, not just
chasing views, but instead chasing clients and high paying
customers. The first thing I need to do is hit you with a
reality check. Most of you won't make $10,000 in your first
month on YouTube, and you're probably not going to hit 100
,000 subscribers in 90 days. It's possible for some, and
I've seen it. You've probably seen it too. But for most
people, YouTube takes six to 12 months to build trust and to
build consistent results. And better yet, for you to become
the presenter, the storyteller, the director, the creator,
the editor necessary to break through online. And the
beautiful part is just at that moment where you'll start to
break through is where most people give up. Once you crack
it, it's the most powerful social media there is. And you'll
have leads and sales coming in every week without having to
pay for ads. That's the prize for all of this. But the only
question is, are you willing to put in the work? Are you
willing to stick with it? Are you willing to get that
reward? Are you willing to eat shit for months on end to
then be in a position like today? I'm taking the whole day
off just to make this course. And I know that YouTube is
working in the background, generating me leads, bringing me
business, converting people for me. And I love that. So this
will test you because YouTube is really savage when it comes
to social media. But if you stick with it, it's bloody good.
And I can show you everything that I know, but I still can't
do this for you. You're going to have to do it yourself.
You're going to have to get stuck in and you're actually
going to have to learn quite a lot of things. There are a
lot of false gurus online in the Instagram world. They're
like, just DM people, just do sales calls. You can hide
behind that. You can't hide behind shitty thumbnails. So we
are going to go into a lot of detail and we are going to
have to get good at this. So how do you use this? Well, to
give you the highest chance of success early on, watch the
module one at a time and just have it on 1x speed. Someone
did Chris Williamson's show the other day and said how crazy
it was to listen to him in 1x speed because he's obviously
been rushing through his podcast. Make some notes, whether
on your laptop, phone, piece of paper, then move on to the
next. Consume all this information as fast as you can, but
do it in the order that I've set out and you'll be off to
the races. You might have to watch it twice through for some
people, but ultimately one should be enough. So that's
enough preamble. We're going to move on to the first module
where I'm going to show you exactly how to stand out on
YouTube and grow a big channel despite the fact there's
never been more competition for growth ever. Bosh.
