The key to writing a good hook is something we can steal
from Hollywood. What do I mean by that? Right, imagine it's
1am and you're watching Insidious and it gets to the really
quiet part of the film. You're not feeling too scared,
everything seems kind of peaceful, and then this happens. I
can still hear that voice.
This is exactly how hooks work on social media. They wake
people up from their sleepwalking trance on the algorithm.
Think about it like this. Most videos have slow, boring
hooks and people scroll past them. The audience doesn't want
to watch your video and it doesn't make sales. It's not the
quiet part of a horror film. But then 5% of videos have
hooks that make you sit up and pay attention. It's a bit
like a jump scare in a horror movie. Immediately your heart
is racing, you have a flood of emotion, your eyes are glued
to the movie. You're like, these are what I call jump
scares. Hooks, and when you use these in your videos, your
audience, they're actually emotionally invested. They're
listening to what you say. Just like getting someone's
attention in a horror movie. And when you have your
audience's attention, you can sell to them and you can
actually convert them and you can get them to want to
listen, to hear to your offer. So how do you actually write
one of these hooks? There are three easy ways. To do it,
they work like this. In the simplest form, a jump scare hook
is about saying and or showing someone that produces a spike
of emotion in a viewer. This could be fear, excitement,
optimism, anger. And the worst thing you can really do here
is to be boring. So there are going to be four jump scare
hook types you can steal to create some excitement in your
viewer. The first one is found in the hook to this video.
I'm sure you've realized ever since the pandemic that
absolutely everyone you've ever met has now got a podcast.
And this is not even plugged into anything. But there is a
big problem on the horizon. That we're already starting to
experience. This is called a contrarian hook. This is where
you say something most people agree with. For instance, most
people do have a podcast. They've been told it's a good way
to make money. And then I disagree with it. I use this all
the time. For example, in this video, there are so many
gurus online, especially on YouTube, telling personal
trainers, if you want to go online, work from Bali remote,
make $15,000 a month, then just follow these steps. But
there's a big issue that no one's really talking about. All
of these gurus have made all of their money, not from
fitness businesses, they made their money from selling
coaches the dream. No sales calls, selling DMs. You don't
even need a sales funnel. Is to identify the common beliefs
held by my avatar and then finding the ones I disagree with
and then hooking the viewer with your uncommon belief. The
key is it has to be contrarian. Not just running doesn't
help you build muscle, try and create something your viewers
never heard of before, which brings us to the next jump
scare hook you can use. See if you can spot where it is
here. I have a bit of a dirty little secret. There is
someone on the internet that I've been copying for over two
years and I've made millions from it. So in this video, I'm
gonna credit exactly everything I've stolen and why, and I'm
gonna come clean about it to help me sleep better at night.
This is what's known as a strong statement hook. These are
used when you present something genuinely shocking to the
audience. This could be the facts they've never heard of
before, a secret you've been revealing or a lie they've been
told. Again, you have to make sure this is genuinely
shocking, not something that people have heard a million
times before. I was saying that I was stealing from someone
and I made millions of dollars from stealing from him.
Another good way to test your statement is strong enough to
use what I call the Andrew Tate test. Ask yourself, could
your hook get you canceled if someone put clips of it on
TikTok out of context? If that's the case, you're probably
on the right lines. Which brings us onto the third type of
hook that you can use and I used it here, fat shaming Piers
Morgan live on TV. There's the truth coming out. By the way,
I completely agree with you. I'm going viral on YouTube and
annoyingly, it's not even on my channel. This is what's
known as a credibility hook. It's when you present proof to
your audience that you're not full of shit. In this hook,
you can see I'm live on TV in the UK. I'm literally showing
people I went viral on YouTube. But you don't just need to
appear on live teletype, I have this hook. You could talk
about how many clients you've helped, how much weight you've
lost, how many views you've got on social media. I use it
all the time when I say something like, after selling out
the Hammersmith Apollo or writing three number one Sunday
Times bestselling authors and building multiple seven figure
businesses, you get it. The key thing here is you don't
wanna say, I've made money online and quit my nine to five.
Instead say something like, in the last 90 days, I made $34
,500 from a new web design agency as a complete beginner.
You have to make sure that you're getting specific with
numbers and timeframes and saying something only you could
say. Hey, which brings us on to the final jump scare hook.
And I used it in this video, Logan Paul's most profitable
scam yet. This 20 ounce bottle of Gatorade has 34.
Get in the car. This guy has no idea. Logan Paul, you're
trying to make your drink the most popular rehydration drink
in the world. So these guys have signed by Munich. They're
the official rehydration partner of the UFC. They don't even
understand hydration. So what's known as a visual hook. So
when you show something shocking to the audience, and this
is something I've used for most of my viral outliers,
particularly on the main channel. So how do you do this?
Well, you need to make sure that you come up with a visual
element that matches up with the thumbnail and title. If the
thumbnail shows a bank balance, open with the number on the
screen and speak about it. If it's about creatine being a
scam, show the lab results when you say I tested 47 sachets.
You probably don't want to use a visual hook on its own, but
it's really effective when you pair it with a visual hook
and one of these three spoken hooks. I use these all the
time. So those are four hook types to get your audience
listening. But before I show you how to script the rest of
your video, there's still one more thing I need you to do in
your intro before you jump into the thick of it. There is
also the anti-hook where there is no hook, which can be a
hook in itself. There's also a preview hook. So for
instance, in the podcast episodes, when we have a trailer
and we're showing things that are to come, that's a preview
hook. So let's say you're watching a famous YouTuber and 37
minutes into the video, there's a car crash. They might show
that car crash. Then they'll go 13 hours before. Then it
goes to the beginning of the story. You are showing
something that's coming as a reason to stay. That was the
scare taxi. Oh my God, there's a car crash. But we're not
just going to show you that. We're going to go back in time.
How did we get there? You just use that in films as well.
And also these hooks, I will also reference as introductions
because a hook can sometimes, in the grand scheme of the
mentorship, hooks to be talking about short form content,
introductions long form. But it's important that we
understand as well that our introductions and our hook
should really pay off our packaging. Because if we build
curiosity in the packaging, we don't want to drag it out too
long and have them wanting and waiting too long before we
can repay that curiosity. Because our curiosity in the
thumbnail opens a loop. We do want to start closing it in
the introduction to the video. Otherwise people are going to
go, yeah, but what happened? And they'll get bored and
they'll leave. That's why I cannot stress it enough. You
must pick your title and thumbnail first. You must pick your
title and thumbnail first. You must pick your title and
thumbnail first. Otherwise your introduction, your hook and
your packaging, it just, it won't make sense. I'll repeat
that again. Title and thumbnail first. You want to be on
thumbs up TV before you've impressed that little record
button on your camera. You know, the one with the red light,
the one that you press and this happens.
