You've probably seen these videos all over your YouTube
homepage. Some creator with 5,000 subscribers getting 900
views per video and they're making an absolute killing. 20k,
30k, sometimes 50k a month. Meanwhile, there's another
creator with 100,000 subscribers, millions of views a month,
and they're barely scraping by. And you think, how the fuck
is that possible? I'll tell you exactly how. I've worked
with some clients making over a quarter of a million dollars
a year with a few hundred thousand views. I know someone
making 10 to 40k a month with 10,000 views, and these people
aren't lucky. They've just figured out something most
creators never learn, and that's what I'm trying to hammer
into you. Making more money doesn't require you to chase
mega views or go viral. It's about alignment. So let me show
you what I mean. Two creators, same niche, same view count.
Let's say they both get 10,000 views on a video. Person A
makes content about how to make money online. Audience is
students, side hustlers, people who know money, because they
are speaking about such general things. One video is about
websites, the next is about becoming a freelancer, the next
is about making money with dropshipping. They can't sell an
offer to this audience despite getting DCDs. Person B makes
content about how to make money online as a freelance
copywriter. Then every video they make is target towards how
to become a freelance copywriter, how to find clients, how
to deliver for clients, how to use AI to save hours in the
copywriting process. And the result is person B can sell a
two grand offer and make hundreds of sales each year from a
modest amount of views. Same views, but a completely
different bank account balance. And if we ask ourselves why,
it's because creator B has something called alignment. Their
positioning, their content, their offer all points to the
same person with the same problem. Creator A is all over the
place, broad content, wrong audience, and they can never
create an offer that matches something so general. So let me
show you the alignment framework that determines whether you
make zero or 30k from the same amount of views. It's called
the PP method. Reminds me of my time in Thailand, co-PP. Ah,
big boy. Anyway, moving swiftly on. P1, problem. What pain
point does your content address? Because your content needs
to be about one specific painful problem. Some bad examples
that are too broad could be how to grow on YouTube, how to
lose weight, or how to make money online. Good examples
could be specific. How to get your first 1,000 subscribers
as a business coach. How to lose 20 pounds when you work a
corporate desk job and have no time. Or number three, how to
make money online with SMMA, or dropshipping, or e-commerce
in the food and beverage brand. When you address one problem
for one person, people are much more likely to invest in
your help, to pay to solve that problem faster or easier. So
how do you find this problem? It's pretty simple. All it is
is solving the problem either you've solved for yourself or
that you've sold for clients. Then you make. All your
content about different angles of that same problem. Unlike
what you might have heard before, you probably don't need to
target a super specific person if you're niching around a
specific problem. That's likely enough. I always say niche
the problem, not the person. So rather than me saying, oh, I
want to work with mums, and someone says, why? Oh, they're
tired, and they never put themselves first, and they've got
a bad sleep pattern. We could help nurses with the exact
same solution. So instead, you would niche in on women that
don't put themselves first, and that have terrible sleep.
And then it could be women, it could be mums, it could be
other people that work night shifts, whatever it is. Then we
have the second P, P2, product. And this is where most
people fuck it up. They've got the problem right, and
they've got the person right, but their offer doesn't match.
So here would be some examples of misalignment. So the
problem could be how to get a six pack when you're over 40.
The person could be men aged 40 to 50 in a corporate desk
job that don't really have any time. The offer, a 50 pound
ebook with generic meal plans. Does that work? I mean,
maybe, but it's not the best offer for that person. Instead,
a better offer would be something like. Like a two and a
half grand one-on-one coaching program with personalized
plans, loads of check-ins, loads of WhatsApp messages,
because a 40 year old professional with the desk job could
have disposable income. He doesn't want a cheap ebook. He
wants to get a six pack before he's too old to get one. So
he's willing to pay for more and proper support. And the
basic rule of thumb is that your offer should be the exact
solution to the problem that your content talks about. We've
seen that high-end fitness boutique gyms that pretty much
have 35 to 50 year old corporate warriors in it. You don't
see that many 21 year old lads. With loads of cash that want
to get a six pack. They'd rather do it themselves. Friend of
mine called Lockie has a gym in Sydney called locker room.
And he told me the concept of it. So I'm going to charge 250
pounds a week and I'm going to limit the gym to a hundred
members. Okay. It's not going to work. He's about to build
his third, all the members, 500 Aussie dollars a week. And
he just uses LinkedIn and everyone in that is a corporate 40
to 50 year old millionaire. And they write their names on
the lockers at the back. And it's just Goldman Sachs,
Goldman Sachs, Goldman Sachs. So he knew the problem, knew
the person. Correct. Created the offer that was right. I
thought his offer was wrong. He proved me wrong. So how do
you test your PP to see if you have alignment? Well, ask
yourself these three questions. Who actually watches my
videos or buys my products or services? Check your
analytics, age, location, interests. Be honest. Is it
someone you want or is it someone else? What problem does my
content solve? Better if you can ask someone else to this
question. If they don't know the answer, your content is too
broad. And three, does my offer solve that problem for that
person? Would the person watching a video actually buy what
you're selling or is there a mismatch? If all three align,
you're set. Give it some time and the sales will come. But
even. Even if just one's off, you need to fix it now.
Otherwise, you're just racking up views that go nowhere. But
there is one more reason that you might not be making sales
on YouTube that very few gurus will tell you. The time
factor. Because here's the thing nobody wants to hear. Even
with your PPs perfectly aligned. Oh, big boy. You still need
to have time for this process to work. Because building
trust sometimes can take three months, other times 24
months, sometimes longer. Why? Because people don't buy from
someone they've just discovered. They need to watch multiple
videos, see you show up consistently, believe you actually
know what you're talking about. And feel like you're just
not in it for the money. And you can't skip this,
unfortunately, you just have to put in these reps. But you
have to ask yourself, those two years are going to pass
anyway. So would you rather be in the same place you are now
or with two years of content under your belt? However, if
this makes you feel discouraged, let me show you one last
thing that's crucial for your success, but not only on
YouTube, but business in general. When you're starting out
on YouTube, you're going to think the market's too
saturated. There are already 10,000 people teaching this.
How can I possibly charge one, two or 5,000 pounds for my
product? And this is the scarcity mindset and it's bollocks.
Because here's the reality. It's projected the creator
economy is going to hit 500 billion pounds in 2027, which is
double what it is now. More people than ever want to be
YouTubers, but more people than ever are turning into online
education for business, for fitness, relationships, hobbies,
everything. And here's the thing. Even in the most random
niches, there are people making an absolute killing. I know
someone charging 30 grand for bird photography course. Bird
photography. One of the most niche things you can ever
imagine. Why does it work? Because it's solving a specific
problem with an aligned offer. He only needs 10 clients a
year to make 300 grand. 10. You don't need millions of
views. You don't need to compete with Mr. Beast. You need a
small targeted audience that trusts you and has painful
problems. You can solve. Now that you know how to monetize
your channel properly, you might want to think about stop
doing everything yourself, because at some point you're
gonna need to start outsourcing if you want to make some
money. So let me show you more on how to outsource properly.
