There are seven design mistakes I see come up all the time
with thumbnails that makes them look completely amateur. And
if your thumbnails look amateur, you're never going to get
views and sales. But really, these seven things all come
down to just one principle that I want you to think about.
Does this design of the thumbnail make the image look clear
and readable? That's it. That's the only rule you need to
think about. So in this video, I want to show you the seven
ways people break this rule with their design, and I've
organized it into what I call the method. You'll see why in
a second. So to show you exactly how this method works so
that you can avoid making these same design mistakes for
yourself, I'm going to use one of James's thumbnails and
remake it with these errors so that you know how to spot
them. Now, this is one of my favorite thumbnails that James
has made. It brought in over 40,000 views, which is
incredible for the business channel because it also brought
in over five figures in sales, just one video alone. Now, it
follows most of these design rules to a T. And for that
reason, although it looks really simple, the image is also
incredibly clear and understandable to grasp, right? But let
me show you what happens when you break some of these design
rules and how you fix them, starting with the first C in our
method. Now, what do you think of this version of the
thumbnail where we put James's eyes at the bottom of the
frame? Now, compare this with the original where his eyes
sit at the top line of this kind of grid that you can see.
This one is way better, right? And that's because it uses
something called the rule of thirds. And this rule creates a
natural feeling of balance within your image. And this is
the first C of design, composition. Now, our eyes are
naturally drawn to these kind of intersection points on the
grid. So when you place your subject's eyes, you place some
text or an object at these points of intersection, the
thumbnail feels way more professional, but also it's a lot
clearer to instantly read. And how can you do this for
yourself? Well, in Photoshop, you can turn on these lines by
hitting view, guides, new guide layout, and then hitting OK.
Then you just want to line up your items in the frame on
this grid. This brings us onto the next C of design. So for
a second, think about whenever you're reading a book. In the
West, we read from left to right, right? But look what
happens if we flip the text to the other side of the
thumbnail in James's image. Now, look, it's not impossible
to read, but it takes a heck of a lot longer to understand
than if we put the text on the left. And when your viewers
spend longer than necessary trying to figure out what's
going on in your thumbnail, they're just going to move on to
the next video and ignore yours. So the second C of design
is copy placement. And here, all you want to do is make sure
that if you're ever using text in your thumbnails, you just
put it on the left-hand side of the image. Unless you're in
a country where you read from right to left, in which case,
just ignore me and knock yourself out. Now, if you've ever
spent time in London and you've taken the tube, you'll know
that the underground is filled with billboards and adverts
from loads of different companies, all trying to win your
attention. Now, personally, I use the tube pretty much every
single day. And in my experience, I've seen some shocking
adverts that I don't know who have approved. But at the same
time, I've seen some fantastic adverts that have made me
stop out of my busy commute and pay attention. And maybe
even Google what's, you know, what the advert's about. Like
this advert, for example. And actually, if you think about
it, this is very similar to the way that YouTube and
thumbnails work too. Because just like these companies that
make adverts on the underground designed to stop you out of
your commute, we're also trying to design thumbnails that
get people to stop browsing YouTube and click on one of our
videos. So if I show you this killer advert from the
underground, what do you think sticks out to you first and
gets your attention? It's the text, right? It's great
copywriting and a fantastic headline, but it's also big,
bold, and really, really easy to read, which is the third C,
clarity. Now, let's go back to the YouTube example and apply
the same principle now. Because look what happens if we make
the text on James's thumbnail way smaller. This is
incredibly harder to read, right? And as you've seen, the
harder a thumbnail is to read, the less likely a viewer is
going to stop, click, and watch. So rule three is to make
sure there's no, what I call, empty space in your
thumbnails. You want to make sure that you expand your text
to fill any gaps. And if there's a big blank area in your
thumbnail, make sure that you make your text bigger so it
just takes up more of that frame. Which brings us on to C,
number four. So, hopefully by now, you can see that all of
these design rules I'm showing you are all there to make
sure that the viewer can read your thumbnail in a split
second. In fact, I've even heard that there's a really
interesting way Stephen Bartlett tests this for his diary of
a CEO thumbnails. Now, he gets somebody to put a potential
thumbnail on their phone and stand six feet away from him,
and he'll see if he can still read the text on the image.
Now, the easiest way to get your thumbnail to pass this test
is actually with how you design your text. Because take a
look at this image. Can you see here how much harder it is
to quickly read the text if I use two different fonts? Now,
look, even though the text is taking up a good amount of
space, it's still pretty hard to read. So, the fourth C of
design here is what I call having clear fonts. Now, the
easiest way to make sure your fonts are clear and easy to
read are to use what's known as sans-serif fonts. Now, in
simple terms, these are the kinds of fonts that look less
kind of squiggly and not in italics. They're fonts like
Montserrat, Poppins, and Roboto. You also want to make sure
that you use the bold versions of these fonts so that
they're really easy to read. Look at the difference it makes
to the readability when I make the text bold versus non-bold
on James' thumbnail here. This is Montserrat regular, but
this is Montserrat bold. But Ollie, I hear you cry. I see
loads of examples of thumbnails with fancy looking fonts. In
fact, some of these thumbnails you've shown us today have
squiggly looking fonts, and you're not even using this rule
with the fonts on your slides now. Well, yeah, and you'd be
absolutely correct. Just like with all of these Cs of design
I'm going to show you, there are people that break these
rules, and that's totally fine. But these are also people
that have been in the YouTube space for years and have a bit
of an eye for what works, if I do say so myself. So, to be
honest, if you're a beginner to YouTube or you just feel
like you've tried everything but nothing's working, I would
very highly recommend you stick to these simple design rules
until you've got that momentum, knowledge of YouTube
strategy, and skills to know when to effectively break these
rules. Great. So, now we're on to the fifth C of design,
which, if you ever break this rule, I will personally come
to your house and shake my head at you in disappointment,
like this. Now, you don't want that, do you? So, what is
this next rule of design? Well, a lot of educational
creators and business owners look at what gets bigger views
in the entertainment niches, and they then think that they
need to copy that style of thumbnail. Now, these are
thumbnails like this, this, and this. But look at what
happens if I run this image through AI and get James to make
one of these shocked faces. Ah! Kind of bloody scary. So,
hopefully you can see why this kind of expression just
doesn't work if you're an educational creator or you have a
channel designed to try and get you more leads for your
business. Because, think about it, would you, as an
established, successful, good-looking, popular, intelligent
business owner, like I'm sure you are because you bought
this course, actually click on one of these styles of
thumbnails? Probably not, right? But that's not even the
worst part. Because if you make these kind of faces on your
videos, do you think that they're going to bring in serious
clients for your business? Or do you reckon they'll just
bring in a lot of unqualified viewers who are younger and
spend their time watching entertainment content online?
Exactly. So, the fifth C of design here is all to do with
credibility. And the rule of thumb is very simple. You
never, ever want to make a face in your thumbnail that you
wouldn't make if you're meeting a date for the first time.
So, you can do this, this, or maybe even this, but none of
this, or this. If you're ever in doubt, just kiss. Keep it
simple, stupid, and have a neutral expression to your face.
Wow, I'm really going full on with these dating analogies
here in this course. Let's move on to the sixth C before it
all gets too much. Okay, so look at what happens to the
readability of this thumbnail if I massively increase the
brightness of the background and remove the drop shadow that
we had on the text. You have absolutely no idea what this
says, right? Even if you squint really, really hard, there's
no way you can read that. But now look at what happens if we
bring back the darker background and add a little bit of
drop shadow to the text. It's way easier to read, right? So,
the rule here is that if you're ever using text, you just
want to make sure that it's incredibly readable. Now,
another great way to do this is with the sixth C, contrast.
Now, look, it's a very general rule of thumb. If you have
text on a dark background, you want to make the text white.
And if you're using text on a light background, you want to
make the text black. You also want to make sure that your
text has a slight drop shadow. Awesome. Now, this brings us
on to the seventh C of design and it works like this. So,
imagine if I changed the text on this thumbnail from edit
less to this. Do you think it's clear what this is? No. And
that's exactly why edit less is way better text to use here.
It's specific enough so that somebody who looks at the
thumbnail without reading the title gets curious enough to
click. Whereas, don't do this is extremely unclear, vague,
and look, it could mean literally anything, especially when
it's James telling us this. Anyways, if you take anything
away from this thumbnail module, let it be this. You want to
make your thumbnails so bloody good and intriguing that
people want to click on your video without even reading your
title. But then, Ollie, I hear you asking again. I've seen
loads of creators using the text. Don't do this or something
similar. Even James does this. Well, in this example that
you can see on screen, James gets away with using text that
isn't very specific like fix this. Why? Well, that's because
the red arrow in the Instagram description show us what the
text is referring to. It gives us something called context
and that's the seventh C of design. So, how do you actually
create context for yourself? Well, this is when things like
arrows, circles, and boxes come into play. What you do is
you draw the viewer's attention to a specific part of an
image in your thumbnail and actually shows what the text
means. Now, context is used all of the time, particularly in
the fitness space, like in this thumbnail. The arrows here
immediately show us where the bad circulation is. And take a
look here at how Dea uses context in this thumbnail all out
business. The arrow in the whiteboard immediately show us
what system replaced Dea's old method. But take a look here
at what happens if we remove the context of the arrow and
the whiteboard and just have the text all on its own. Here,
I have no idea what this is. Well, that's because the arrows
and the whiteboard give the thumbnail visual context. And
when something isn't clear and isn't contextualized, nobody
clicks on the video. Look, the exact same is true if we
remove the arrows on the circulation thumbnail. Now, look,
AI has given the legs some pretty popping veins here, but
hopefully you can see how the thumbnail isn't terrible, but
it's just incredibly, incredibly more intriguing with the
arrows because it gives the image immediate context. So if
you ever find yourself wanting to use vague text, like don't
do this, fix this, or avoid this, please, please, please
just make sure you're using arrows, circles, boxes, or any
other image to clearly highlight what exactly this is. So
there you have it. If you follow my method, you'll never,
ever, ever, ever make a terrible thumbnail again. At least
you better not. But as a quick recap, in this video, we've
been through composition, copy placement, coverage, clean
fonts, credibility, contrast, and context. The seven C's of
design. Now, if you go ahead and watch the next video, I put
together a little quiz to test to see if you've been paying
attention all this time. Now, click ahead, young padawan.
Padawan? I didn't even watch Star Wars. Who wrote this
bloody script? Oh, wait. It was me. Yeah.
