all right there are three different ways you can show a
problem in your content method number one would be
storytelling this is the most powerful one because it
encourages your audience to relate to you when you speak
about a problem that they have had but you overcame for
example if i'm making a point about having to do a lot of
reps to get better at content i could say i had to make a
lot of videos or i could say when i was working door-to-door
doing empower sales and trying to make enough money to pay
rent i've realized there were only a certain amount of
people that i needed to speak to to make a sale and you'll
find the content works exactly the same you have to put out
enough videos to get enough feedback to figure out what is
good for your audience and what they like can you see how
telling a story makes it a much more visual way for to
understand the problem and the audience can be transported
to that moment in time you're making the same point but by
telling stories you build an emotion and relatability with
your audience which is what you're going to need if you want
your viewers to become buyers too saying post 100 videos and
one might kick off okay surface level but me saying i needed
to knock on 100 doors to make a sale people go wow okay
would i rather be knocking on doors strangers at home or
would i rather be putting out videos oh this isn't so bad
anyway okay so how do we tell a good story you're going to
hear a lot of complex tips online but any good story can be
boiled down to three main parts you have a character that
wants something the character takes action to try and
achieve that thing we see the outcome of their action and
what they learn in the end for example i wanted to make more
money i realized i had to knock on more doors realize that
making money is a game of putting in the reps desire action
outcome easy as that stories are the oldest form of sales
you needed stories people go to war to get them to go to
church and just think about it this way some people will
happily blow themselves up with c4 because they believe a
certain story so don't underestimate how making an
educational video on turning it into a story can blow up
your views pardon the pun from now on if you want to start
keeping a list of stories that happen in your life anytime
you learn anything write it down with what you wanted what
you did to try and achieve it and what you learned these
don't have to be your wins either could be a client win
write that down too the golden rule for storytelling and
writing is general if you write something that didn't affect
your outcome of the story you can remove it apply that to
your email marketing too which brings us on to the second
method of showing a problem method number two metaphors the
metaphor is when you take a complex idea and relate it to
something visual for example i often use the metaphor of
dating when talking about sales instead of telling people
that they need to take their time before asking someone for
a sale i'll compare the situation to the same reason why you
don't ask to take a woman back to your place the first time
you meet her this is a metaphor it's when you compare
something difficult to understand something we can all
picture and have experienced whenever you have something
complex your viewer needs to understand whenever you have
something complex your viewer needs to understand Make it
visual with a metaphor. The best way to do this is to go
into ChatGPT, put in your complex point, and ask it to give
you some examples of metaphors you could use. And this
brings us to the final way you can show a problem in your
videos. Method number three, visual evidence. When I was
making a video on the creatine scandal, you probably
wouldn't have believed me if I just told you these gummies
contain no creatine. But instead, I showed you the lab
results that proved there was no creatine in the gummies.
This acted as visual evidence, so the viewer immediately
understood my point. You need to use visual evidence and
demos as much as possible. Imagine I was roasting people's
landing pages that never showed you what I was talking about
on the screen. You'd be so confused about what I meant. It's
the same reason why I show my Stripe screenshots when I'm
talking about how much money I make. The rule of thumb is,
whenever you're making a point, ask yourself, how can I show
the audience what I mean, rather than just telling them? And
a good hack for this, like I've done on this course, is
screen record on QuickTime. Don't forget to clap, because
that lines up your audio with the screen recording of the
video that you're doing. Also, I use another app called
Teller, T-E-L-L-A, which helps me screen record across
several platforms at once, and then I upload the Teller link
to Declan and he edits. The benefits of Teller is if you're
reacting to someone's content, Teller records the audio
that's coming from their video, whereas when you screen
record, it doesn't. Also on Teller, you can have a camera,
you can have your computer, and you can have different audio
interfaces from across the three things. You can have a
microphone, computer, camera. It's very, very good. So not
only will using stuff like that make it easier for the info
to stick to the brain, but it makes them see you as the
expert, the teacher, which will make them more likely to buy
your products and services. So you can use screenshots,
screen recording, props, anything to make the content
visually interesting. Before making your video, ask
yourself, do I have a story to show this problem? Use a
story. It's the most powerful. Then can I show this on
screen? Use a visual demo. Or is this a complicated problem?
Consider using a metaphor. Might not be possible to use all
of these at the same time, but the more you can show the
problem and not just tell me the problem, the better your
retention will be and the faster your following will grow.
Also, it's worth rotating this. Recently, I did a rogue
video on webcam, no mic, no camera, just screen recording,
and I put in AirPods for the audio, and my views were,
exactly the same, because the visual on the screen was
enough. Right now, you know how to solve the problem, but
once you've got somebody's attention, you actually need to
teach them something. And that's the solution section. I'll
show you more about how it works in the next module.
