Have you ever wondered how James pumps out videos after
videos on YouTube on multiple different channels and
basically makes coming up with ideas look completely
effortless? Well, I bloody have. And actually, if you look
at all of the big YouTubers who seem to upload with the same
sort of consistency, you might think there's some kind of
secret ideation process they're all using for thumbnails.
Then you'd actually be right. Because these top creators
understand there's only really nine different types of
thumbnails you can realistically use as an educator or
business owner on YouTube. And once you know what these nine
types of thumbnails are, not only are you going to save
hours a week coming up with new ideas, but you're also going
to get way more clicks on your videos and make more money
too. So in this video, I want to show you exactly what these
nine thumbnail types are, who should use them, and we're
also going to rank them with a scale that I call the
Thumbnail Triangle of Destiny, so you can see exactly which
thumbnail styles you should be using on your channel and
why. So let's start with the first type of thumbnail,
because it's super easy to use, and I am so confident that
basically anybody can use it on their channel, regardless of
what niche they're in. And it works like this. So take a
look at this screenshot of Jeremy Ethier's four most few
videos of all time, because they have nearly 70 million
views combined. And the weird thing is, they're all using
the exact same style of thumbnail, and it's what's known as
a before and after thumbnail. But it's not just Jeremy
either, because take a look at all of these other allies on
screen now, and they're using the exact same before and
after format too. But why the heck do these work so well?
And more importantly, are they actually right for your
channel, and should you be using them? Well, to properly
answer that, I want to introduce you now to the Thumbnail
Triangle of Destiny. Oh, I had fun coming up with that name.
And here's how it works. Because you need to understand that
not all thumbnail styles are created equal. Some are going
to be way better for you to replicate and make than others.
And that's because we can rank every single thumbnail on
YouTube on only three different things. How quick it is to
make, how many views the thumbnail could realistically get,
and how good the thumbnail could actually be for bringing
sales to your business. And these all create what I call the
Thumbnail Triangle of Destiny. And we're going to use this
framework to rank all nine of the thumbnail types that I'm
going to show you. So how might this work in practice? Well,
if you're a business owner that doesn't have that much time,
naturally, you're going to want to pick a thumbnail style
that is fast to make and good for sales. But maybe you won't
worry too much about the thumbnails that take ages to make,
even if they're great for views. I mean, you're just going
to have to apply it to your own situation. So now that you
know how we're going to use this Thumbnail Triangle of
Destiny, let's go back to our before and after thumbnails
and apply this framework in action. So are these kind of
thumbnails easy to make? Well, yes and no. Because if you go
for the hyper-edited thumbnails like Ali Abdao uses and
James, they're going to take time and a fair degree of skill
with using Photoshop. But if you're in fitness or something
that's like a highly visual niche, these kind of thumbnails
can be done quite quickly. You just need to make sure your
image is of really good quality because obviously you're
highlighting a visual transformation from A to B, like fit
to fat or skinny to jacked. So I'm going to give these two
out of three stars for each to make. Next, are these good
for views? Well, taking a look at these bloody outliers,
they're clearly amazing for views. But there's a catch.
Because these style of thumbnails only really do well for
views if you're in a niche where you have a clear visual
transformation. That's things like fitness, health, women's
beauty, makeup, or maybe if you're like a tradie fixing
something from broken to new. Anything like this, these
types of thumbnails work bloody great. But if you're in a
niche like manifestation, mindset, or basically any topic
where the transformation is less visual for somebody to see,
these kind of thumbnails aren't actually possible and would
flop for views. So on that note, I'm going to give these two
out of three stars for views. Finally, are before and after
thumbnails good for sales? Well, to be honest, these are
some of the best thumbnail types for raising your
credibility because they show visual proof that you can get
a result that your ideal customer wants. And when you raise
your credibility in this way and show proof of a
transformation your ideal buyer wants, obviously you're
going to get more sales. So with that in mind, if you can
use these, I'm going to give these three out of three stars
for sales. And if you're in a niche where you can easily
show this visual transformation, before and after thumbnails
should absolutely be the first format you try. Which brings
us on to thumbnail style numero dos. Cool. Espanol. So take
a look at these thumbnails on screen now. These are all
examples of what I call the dream result thumbnail. And
they're basically used to highlight a big result or dream,
believe it or not, that your ideal client wants to have.
That could be better sleep, working less, going viral,
making more money, finding a wife, big house, four kids,
nice car. Oh, anyway, I digress. Before I show you who
should use these dream result style of thumbnails, let me
first show you the two big problems with them. That might
mean you don't want to waste your time with them. Now,
problem one is that there's no real visual element to copy
with these kind of thumbnails. So unlike the before and
after thumbnails, you kind of have to create your own visual
element to the image, which as if you're a beginner, it's
kind of difficult to do. Now, look, you could just stick
some text on a plain background like Tom Young's does here
with the $20,000 a month is simple, or Matt Gray does here
with work less. But this actually brings us on to the second
problem with these dream result thumbnails. Because problem
two is that if you're making one of these types of
thumbnails, you're going to be competing with massive
established creators in your niche. And here's the harsh
truth most bureaus won't tell you. At least they didn't tell
me. The reason why creators like Matt Gray and Brian Johnson
get so many views with their videos is partly to do with
thumbnails, yes, but it's also because their entire videos
from start to finish are just amazingly high quality. So
should you even bother trying these thumbnails out? Well,
maybe. Let's go back to the thumbnail triangle destiny so
that I can show you why. Can these thumbnail styles be easy
to make? Well, yeah, 100%, especially if it's just an image
of you and some text next to you on screen. So I'm going to
give these two out of three stars for ease. Are they good
for views? Well, to be honest, it's incredibly hard to go
viral with these styles of thumbnails if you're just
starting out on YouTube. Well, that's because you have to
compete with other huge creators who have big teams and
decades of experience. So with that in mind, I've got to
give these zero out of three stars for views. But are they
good for sales? Well, here's the thing. If you do manage to
make one of these thumbnails and back it up with a fantastic
video full of awesome information like these bigger creators
do, these thumbnails can do epic for sales. So I'm going to
give these two out of three stars, which brings us on to
thumbnail style number three. And it works like this. So did
you know that it took the director, James Cameron, nearly
two decades to develop the first Avatar film? Between the
extensive special effects, the insane amount of scripting,
and all of the planning that had to go into the film, it
premiered in 2009, even though James Cameron first started
working on it in 1994. And not only that, but Avatar turned
out to be literally one of the most expensive films ever
made. They had a budget of $237 million and a huge
prediction team to back it up. And although this made Avatar
the top film of 2009, grossing nearly $3 billion at the box
office, if you're like me, you've got to sit there and ask,
was it actually worth all of that time, stress, and effort
on nearly two decades of work for James Cameron? I mean,
maybe? But let's contrast this with another successful
director, Michael Curtis. Both were equally successful, but
they have vastly different methods of going about it. Do you
focus on quality or do you focus on quantity? Now, what on
earth has this got to do with thumbnails in YouTube? Well,
if you take a look at these thumbnails by Daniel Daylin,
Jamie Robbins, and Iman Gadzi, they actually operate in a
very similar way to how James Cameron made Avatar. And
that's why I'm calling these stylet thumbnails the James
Cameron thumbnail. Because these types of thumbnails take
creators hours to make. And to be honest, they're probably
outsourced to experts on Photoshop who have years of
expertise. And with that in mind, these creators probably
spend hundreds, if not thousands of dollars outsourcing
them. So let's go back to our thumbnail triangle of destiny
to see if it's even worth your time making these stylet
thumbnails. Well, in terms of how easy they are to make,
hopefully you can see why they get a big fat zero stars. But
here's the thing. 99% of people don't know that these
designs are really hard to replicate. And it's exactly why
you might have seen people copy Daniel Daylin's POV style of
thumbnail or Jamie Robbins' lock-in thumbnail, and they get
terrible views and they don't get clicked on. Not compared
to the original, which is obviously the fantastic quality.
So are these kind of thumbnails even good for views? Well,
no. Because unless you have a team of Photoshop and YouTube
experts working with you, you're never going to be able to
make them in high quality like Iman Gadzi, Daniel Daylin,
Jamie Robbins, and more. So they're going to get half a star
here for views. And finally, are they good for sales? Well,
kind of like with everything else I've mentioned, it's very
difficult to get sales from these James Cameron thumbnails
unless you're a master at YouTube and design, and you can
come up with an original idea that still looks kind of
cinematic. So they're going to get half a star again for
sales and cash potential. So in fact, I don't recommend you
use these hyper-edited cinematic thumbnails because I think
you're way better off, well, using literally any other style
I'm going to show you in this video. And this is probably
the worst thumbnail style you can try and replicate. But
now, let me show you the best one. So take a look at all of
these thumbnails on screen right now. These are the type of
thumbnails that consistently outperform everything else I
see on YouTube. And in fact, when I discovered this, I just
kept rinsing and repeating this style for my own videos on
my journaling channel. And this got me hundreds of thousands
of views. And what are they? Well, I call these system
thumbnails. And these basically work whenever you show
something unique on screen that answers a question set up by
the title. So for me, you can see here the title, How I
Stick to My Habits Without Discipline. Well, I kind of
answer that with the thumbnail, calling it The Dopamine
Diary. And if we look at Frederick here, how does he make
over $500,000 a year? It's with the digital coffee shop
model. But here's the secret. I literally made up this name.
And so did Frederick. And so does everyone else you see
online. In fact, if you look through any popular YouTube
video or even a business book, you'll see how these creators
and business owners always come up with unique names to
explain things. And that's actually exactly what I did with
this thumbnail module coming up with the thumbnail triangle
of destiny. So to show you why these system thumbnails are
such an effective tool at getting attention, let's get back
to our thumbnail triangle of destiny and rank these system
thumbnails. So are they good for views? Well, whenever you
create a unique name for your system, it makes the
information inside of your video feel new. And new things
are a fantastic way to get people to notice something. How
do I know this? Well, that's the same marketing strategy the
guys used at Newtonic, right? They called it the world's
first ever productivity drink. Even though it's very similar
to an energy drink, packaging it as something new makes it
seem exciting and people want to try and satisfy their
curiosity by finding out what actually it is. So for this
reason, these system style thumbnails are going to get three
out of three stars for views because people get so curious
about anything they haven't heard of before. Now, what about
sales? Well, this kind of newness is the exact same reason
these styles of thumbnails can crush for sales too, because
having a unique take on something positions you as a thought
leader and creates a category of one. I mean, anybody can
make a video about scaling a coaching business, but only
Frederick can make videos about growing coaching businesses
with his digital coffee shop model. That's because this is
his unique system that he came up with. So for that reason,
system thumbnails get three out of three stars for sales.
However, there is a slight problem with these because they
aren't the easiest to make. That's because you have to
actually take the time out of your day to bring all of your
ideas together and create a unique framework. How do you do
this? Well, you can draw something out on a whiteboard like
they did here. You can draw out something physical like I
did with my sort of journals, or you can even just come up
with a name of something and present it digitally like
Frederick, Daniel Priestley and loads of other people do. So
with that in mind, if you can put the effort in, I'm going
to give these a two out of three stars for ease to create.
However, with that said, I am 110% confident that they're
the absolute best thumbnail strategy for business owners to
use because it gives you long-term IP. And this is going to
help you stand out online as it gets increasingly saturated
with other business owners and YouTubers. I'm going to show
you exactly how to create unique thumbnails in the next
video. But for now, let me show you thumbnail style number
five, because it's the best format to use if you're after
views. So lots of advice you'll hear about thumbnails says
that you typically need a face on your image to get views.
This can be true. But if you're ever featuring an item in
your video that's unique or somewhat interesting looking,
it's way better to feature that item on a thumbnail. And
that's exactly what happened with these two thumbnails here.
Even though James has millions of followers, he's been
online for like eight years, and he has a really
recognizable face. He knows that the real star of the video
here are those creatine gummies. They're the sort of hero of
the video. And the same is true if you take a look at
Sergio's MacBook video here. He doesn't need to be in the
thumbnail because he knows that the hero of the video is the
MacBook and that sort of productive settings, which is
highlighted in a really cool way on screen. I mean,
NeuroKnowledge blew up his channel using this tactic. Take a
look. He's a black dude in a white tank top, do-rag and
sunglasses, but he's speaking like a bloody philosopher.
There's literally nobody else out there on YouTube doing
something similar, but tons of people trying to do the
whiteboard videos. So NeuroKnowledge stood out in this kind
of saturated whiteboard video style of content by having a
really unique contrasting image. And similarly, this is the
exact same reason that David Boland is doing quite well on
YouTube too. He's just this random white dude with a massive
beard and hair down to his knees, looks a bit like a hippie,
yapping about business in a field. And both of these guys'
businesses are doing great. So even though there's thousands
of creators talking about how to grow a business on YouTube,
David stands out because there's nobody else presenting his
ideas in the middle of a bloody field looking like a hippie
from 1965. Anyway, with that said, let's go back to our hero
thumbnails and use our thumbnail triangle destiny to rank
up. Because these hero style of thumbnails are some of the
best you can make for views, and they get a 3 out of 3
stars. Because as you know, people love clicking on anything
interesting, unique, or out of the ordinary. Or even just
looks aesthetic like you saw in Sergio's video. You could
even argue that Nero and David's videos actually featured
them as the hero on screen, because they're so visually
unique, and they stick out against everyone else who just
makes a thumbnail in a plain black t-shirt and a skin fade.
But what about sales? Well, these hero thumbnails aren't the
best, because you're featuring something else as the
prominent item in the image. So unless you bring the
credibility back to you in the video, you have to have a
little bit of a trade-off here. So for that reason, these
get 1.5 stars for sales. But in terms of how easy these
thumbnails are to make, well, they're actually kind of
difficult. Let's take a look at the MacBook one. Well, you
might not know it, but this takes some next-level Photoshop
skills to make these kind of images. And even James'
thumbnail is shot with that kind of blurry, beautiful
background, and it just looks really clean and cinematic.
You can make these kind of thumbnails, but you do need an
eye for design. But to be honest, not everyone can make them
in a way that looks this good quality straight away. So for
that reason, these are getting 1.5 stars for ease to make.
Now this brings us on to thumbnail style number 6, and it's
a style everybody can replicate to get more views, even if
you don't think you're that good at design. Take a look at
these thumbnails on screen now. Because the interesting
thing is, they all feature people who aren't even the
original creators, and yet they do great for views. Why is
that? Well, these thumbnails are a type of image called
social hacking. For example, let's take a look at the James
one on podcasts. He's putting three of the biggest
podcasting faces out there on his image to effectively steal
their audience and bring in new viewers to his channel who
have got to be fans of Stephen Bartlett and etc. But are
these social hacking thumbnails good for views? Well,
honestly, they're getting three stars for views here because
the power of them is that you can effectively steal somebody
else's audience and bring these new viewers into your
channel. Are they easy to make? Well, absolutely they are.
They're extremely easy to make, but only if you know who is
a big face your audience might recognize. But that's the
key. They have to be a famous person. I mean, this would not
have worked if James just put in some random face of some
dude who'd get like 50 views on his podcast videos. It only
works because Stephen Bartlett is a huge name. So for that
reason, I'm going to give these two and a half stars for
each to make. However, the main trade-off here is that these
thumbnails are pretty terrible for sales. That's because
you're stealing credibility of somebody else rather than
showing your own expertise. So for that reason, they're only
going to get one star for sales. But this brings us on to
thumbnail style 7, which can be next level for sales if done
right. Let me show you how. So back in 2024, we saw a load
of creators like Will Brown and Charlie Morgan blow up their
channels and get tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of
subscribers. With these kind of low effort, to be honest,
really weird looking style of thumbnails. And the
interesting thing here is we saw a sort of transition away
from the hyper edited thumbnails into these kind of more
authentic ones. And they worked really well. And these guys
went viral. So for that reason, they're not just going to be
a three out of three for views, but there are three out of
three for views, sales and ease to make. However, here's the
thing. They can also be a zero out of three for views,
sales, maybe not ease, but certainly views and sales for 99%
of people. Because the real reason why these kind of
thumbnails blew up Charlie and Will's channels is because
these guys had had years of experience building online
businesses, speaking on camera, telling stories and keeping
people engaged. So whilst you might think that these
thumbnails look low effort, it only appears that way because
when you actually click on the video and listen to what
they're saying, you can immediately tell that these guys
have undeniable expertise in their fields. So I don't want
you to be fooled here. These kind of meta thumbnails, which
is what I'm calling them, only really work well if you've
got years of experience talking on camera and you just know
like so, so much about your niche. But even if that does
sound like you, I think you'd still be way better off using
another thumbnail format that's a little bit higher effort,
because these days so many people try with these low effort
meta thumbnails and they don't stand out at all. And it
might help to think about it like this. Now, Matthew
McConaughey could probably get away with turning up to a
date in shorts, a baggy t-shirt with holes in it and having
not showered in a few days. Because he's Matthew freaking
McConaughey. But if I'm trying to impress a date, you best
believe I'm putting my nicest outfit on, I'm styling my hair
and I'm putting on a nice aftershave because I want to stand
out by making an effort. And the exact same is true with
thumbnails. So what are some types of thumbnails that
require a little bit more effort, but can be equally good as
meta thumbnails for views and sales? Well, I'm glad you
asked me, amigo. Because this brings us on to thumbnail
numero ocho. I want to use a little bit of a weird example
here, but do any of you guys remember the Ebola outbreak
that happened about a decade ago and all of the news
coverage that came out during the time? Well, I want you to
take a look at this clip by Russell Howard that shows the
difference at how the Ebola news story was covered in
Britain versus in the USA. Ebola cases in West Africa
approach 9,000. Hundreds of British troops are being sent to
West Africa. A small number of cases will reach the UK. We
can contain it. Britain is at the forefront of preventing
the spread. A message for the public. Don't worry. Calm.
Measured. In America, not so much. Fox is alert now. The
Ebola emergency here in America. The killer virus. Spreading
much faster than efforts to contain it. Spiraling out of
control. Stop admitting West Africans into America right
now. Several questions. Can they go to the movies? Hospitals
aren't ready for Ebola. Oh hell, this is about to break
loose. Ah, I'm kind of getting flashbacks just thinking
about that. Oh my goodness, scary times. Well, what has this
got to do with YouTube and thumbnails, Oli? Well, what I've
noticed is that the news that gets the most attention is
typically what we see in America. And that's because these
news corporations tend to frame all of their stories around
extreme negativity and danger. And that's because of a
psychological phenomenon called negativity bias. And this
basically means that humans are hardwired to take notice of
anything that might be a threat or pose danger to us. I
mean, if you think about it, it kind of makes sense. Because
thousands of years ago when we were cavemen, we needed to
take notice of whenever we might have, I don't know, got
eaten by a lion or something. And immediately responded to
that. And if you take a look at these two thumbnails by
Calloway and Kelsey Rodriguez, you'll see how they use the
exact same negativity bias as the news does to get massive
views on their videos. And they use a thumbnail style that I
call the scaremongering thumb. And these thumbnails are
basically whenever you show something to your viewer on your
image that suggests they're in danger, at risk of harm, or
even that they're just missing out on some crucial
information if they don't watch your video. And that sort of
FOMO effect forces somebody to click. So for that reason,
these scaremonger thumbnails get three stars for views
potential. But how easy are they to make? Well, typically
you have to show what's dangerous or changing or at risk
within the thumbnail. One of the best ways to do this is
with either a graph or maybe you point out a particular item
like Kelsey's done with the Instagram pages. However, this
is a little bit difficult because you've got to get your
thinking cap on to think what to show. So for that reason,
I'm going to give these one and a half stars for ease to
make. And finally, are they good for sales? Well, in terms
of sales, these thumbnails can be absolutely fantastic.
That's because if you can find a way to set up a new problem
that your potential avatars and customers have to overcome,
but then within the video, show them how they can actually
solve that problem, what they should be doing in the future,
it raises your credibility. And like we've already seen,
when your credibility gets raised, it turns those viewers
into people who actually want to buy your products and
services. So for that reason, the scaremonger thumbnails get
three stars for sales. Now, this brings us on to thumbnail
style number nine, which is the easiest one I've shown you
so far. And to be honest, it's pretty great for views and
sales too. So take a look at this Ali Abdaar thumbnail. Not
only is this his best performing video in over a year, but
it's also an example of the easiest thumbnail format that
you can make for views. And it's not only worked for Ali
either. It's actually the thumbnail style that has helped Ed
Lawrence build a $500,000 a month business from YouTube.
It's extremely genius and it's why I'm calling it an Ed
Lawrence thumbnail. But what is it? Well, this thumbnail
style uses something known as cognitive dissonance. To show
you what I mean, take a look at Ali's thumbnail again. In
it, the image uses the phrase, set systems, not goals. Why
does this work? Well, for years, we've been told by every
single bloody self-help book that to achieve your goals, you
need to actually set them. But here, Ali's going against all
of this common advice by saying that you need to do
something completely different. And similarly, Ed's using
the same concept too. Because for years, we've been told
that in order to make good videos that get views, we need to
edit them heavily, like Ima Gadzi or Alex Hormozzi. But Ed's
saying something completely different here. He says that you
should actually edit your videos less. So like Ali and Ed
do, when you say something in your thumbnail that goes
completely against what your audience expect you to say or
do, it can explode your video's views. Because people
obviously want to find out why the common advice they've
heard isn't actually true. So for that reason, these Ed
Lawrence style thumbnails get three stars out of three stars
for views potential. And not only that, but they're actually
pretty simple to make, especially if you just use your face
and text like Ed does. So again, I'm going to give these two
and a half stars for simplicity. But the best part of these
thumbnails is that they're even better for sales. That's
because if you can give your viewers a new perspective on
something that they've heard literally tens of thousands of
times before, they're not going to have any objections to
your offer. But that's because they're going to feel like
your method is new or unique. So they're going to trust you
more and more. And when your trust gets high, like we've
consistently seen, your credibility goes through the roof
too. So for that reason, these Ed Lawrence thumbnails get
three stars out of three stars for sales. But now you might
rightfully be asking, Oi, what on earth out of all of these
nine thumbnail styles do I actually use? Well, there's not
really a right answer. If I was you and what I do personally
and for all of my clients, is I just test as many different
formats as I can until I find a style that works. Well,
except maybe not those meta thumbnails or the James Cameron
thumbnails. Of course, the dream scenario is that you find a
thumbnail style that's great for views, sales, and it's
quick to make. You can just repeat this across your channel.
The only way you actually do this is just by trial and
error. But what I haven't told you is that none of these
nine thumbnail formats are actually going to work to grow
your channel and business unless you find a way to put your
own spin on them and make them unique. So click ahead to the
next video in this thumbnail module and I'm going to show
you exactly how to make every thumbnail you make so
original, unique, and jaw-dropping that even your
competitors start copying them. It's a process I call
ethical stealing. Ooh, that sounds exciting, doesn't it? See
you there. See you there. See you there. See you there.
