Now that you know the thumbnail formats that you can use,
there are some simple design rules that we wanna follow to
make sure you're successful with all of this. Firstly, size.
As we saw on thumbsup.tv, you have to make sure that they're
the right size. Then the Photoshop module, we put them into
different sizes, mobile, et cetera, so we can see that we
can read the text, see the photo, that everything's big
enough. But there are seven real rules that I want us to
kind of look through and work through. Now, rule number one
is what we call the mobile test. And this is the test that
kills 90% of thumbnails. Can you read everything clearly on
a phone screen? Most people design thumbnails on their
laptop like I just did then, and then wonder why nobody
clicks, but 70% of YouTube views still happen on mobile. So
if your text is unreadable on a phone, your thumbnail needs
to be more clear. So one, text must be readable at mobile
size. Two, faces must be clearly visible. Three, no point
adding tiny details that disappear when it becomes too
small. So the second rule is gonna be text basics. If you're
using text, there's only one rule that matters. Make it big,
bold, and readable. All right, that's three rules, but
still, so one, maximum two fonts per thumbnail. Bold, thick
fonts, ones work better than thin ones. Sans serif fonts are
more readable at small sizes. So you have serif fonts and
sans serif. Serif are the ones that look like old
traditional English handwriting. Sans serif are the ones
that look bold and in your face. I would say no more than
five words on your thumbnail, although we are testing some
slightly longer ones for the podcast. I would say that's the
only caveat. Maybe in a podcast, you can use a few more
words. Then the third rule would be conveniently the rule of
three. So in your thumbnail, you never wanna have them on
three elements. An element could be a face, could be some
text, could be an object, or it could even be a screenshot.
So we could have face, screenshot, a little bit of text. But
if you look at my biggest thumbnails, 99% of them follow
this rule. Me plus text plus products, me plus text plus
another person, maybe two people, bit of text, I disagree,
but that's it. Three things maximum. So what we're gonna do
now is quickly just go through some of my most popular
thumbnails. So here we have Prime Bottle. Scam, me in the
background, but I don't think many people would see that. So
we call that two. Creatine Gummy Scandal, my face and the
gummies, but the gummies are there. Declan and I spent about
an hour getting that photo right before we hit record. This
one here, three notable faces, that's it. So that's three
things. And this one, two, two and a half. So you've got me,
Piers Morgan, but then you've also got a bit of text that
makes it look like television because it was. This one here,
Beard Meets Food, me and Beard Meets Food. The next one, AG1
and me. Now this cleverly, you'll notice, I took a picture
of the bag, loads. Then I made the drink, drunk it, because
you'll see that I've got a tache of AG1. Why? Because there
was another outlier thumbnail where the person had the tache
on that. Again, curiosity, what's going on there? Whoop,
three things, me, whoop, title. Creatine Worth the Hype,
three things, me, creatine. Insinuation of drug use. The V
Shred one, ignore. It's not actually that good a thumbnail.
People just hate V Shred. Why you should quit and move to
Australia. Two things, me, scenic, social media, me, social
media. Icon, three. This one, me, V Shred, this twat. How to
unfuck your life, before and after, two things. Why
everyone's addicted to jiu-jitsu, three things. This other
scandal ends, checkmate, two things. So everything here
never breaks that rule of three. Now, if you look at the
most educational thumbnails that actually get views, they
stick to this rule, or even just two elements. So apply that
when you're going four. Rule number four would be faces. If
you're gonna use faces, the expression needs to match the
topic of the title and the thumbnail. If you're gonna be
talking about something serious like retiring, it makes no
sense to have an image of you laughing on the screen. Or
laughing on the thumbnail. You probably want a clear image
of you front and center, probably in a suit and tie, looking
formal. Like Azul does a good job of it here. You'll also
notice how he sticks to the rule of three, just him and some
text. So actually it's more like the rule of two. His text
is also really clean, and the elements are clear enough that
you can make it out at arm's length on an iPhone. And faces
worked a lot better 2017 to 2022. It's a bit exhausted now,
so don't do the stupid faces of,
it worked for a bit, not anymore. That era is dead, and if
you try and do it, you look like an adult trying to still be
cool with kids. Rule number five, keep it simple, stupid.
Look, you're gonna see a load of videos by massive creators
with great looking thumbnails. That's because they have
teams of designers working on them day and night. Some
amazing thumbnails that I've done haven't even been edited.
So if you're an accountant from Solihull, you've probably
not got a decade of Photoshop experience, so it's important
not to try and overcomplicate things. Aim to get a little
bit better at thumbnails each video, and don't spend too
long agonizing over the right font or color choice. So
here's a quick recap of the thumbnail design rules that you
can run through every time you make a thumb. Do the mobile
test. Check your last five thumbnails on your phone. Can you
read them? Check your text. Are you using a sans serif font?
And keeping the word count under five words. Count your
items. Are you using no more than three elements on each
thumbnail? Look at your faces for tone. Ensure that your
facial expression are clear and match up with an expectation
a viewer might have of the video. Kiss. Keep it simple,
stupid. And if in doubt, feeling overwhelmed, focus on
replicating a viral video and making a thumbnail with text
and your face. Ed Lawrence is a big proponent of explaining
heroes in thumbnails too, so I ask you this. What is the
hero in the thumbnail? And sometimes it's important you
don't just chuck yourself in it for no reason. For instance,
the other day, talking about something, he put a little
picture of himself there pointing at it. Are you the hero?
Is that the hero? If that's the hero, what do you do? Why
are you in the thumbnail? All right, we're gonna move on to
titles, but just before that, I've never seen a thumbnail
and gone, that looks too simple. So, you know, the one of me
holding a book. If you can hold it in your hands, it's gonna
be the best thing. Whenever you're on YouTube, just look for
good thumbnails. But here's another thing as well. Don't go
search people's best videos because four years ago, it would
have got millions of views with a shit thumbnail. That just
doesn't happen now like it used to. So, all right.
