This is Joel. He runs a coaching and
course business that teaches people how
to basically use credit cards to get
sweet vacations. The problem is that
he's dependent on one platform. If that
platform goes away, his business could
die basically overnight. I'm Alexi,
founder of acquisition.com, which helps
businesses scale. And so, let's meet
Joel.
>> Hey, Alex. I'm Joel McDonald, founder of
Just Get Out of Town, also known as
Joot.
>> Tell me about the business. So, we help
travelers turn everyday expenses into
multiple bucket list vacations every
year. Our largest audience is retirees,
empty nesters, and business owners.
>> I would not have guessed that. That is
really interesting. Okay.
>> The way we help them is through
something we call travel hedging, not
travel hacking. We differentiate
ourselves there. This allows travelers
to stretch their vacation budgets three
to 10 times farther.
>> So, what's the difference between
hacking and hedging? Travel hacking
basically requires that you turn 10 to
20 credit cards a year. And that's why
it has such a bad association.
>> Travel hedging is choosing the two or
three best cards for your individual
spending profile and learning how to
effectively use them.
>> So what's the current state of the
business?
>> Our trailing 12-month average is 6.4
million. Got a 1.9 profit margin. That's
about a 30% profit margin. ROAZ is 4.5
to1. And then our LTV to CAC is a very
skinny 1.4 to1. We'd like to change
that.
>> Yeah. So, we don't want to have happen.
>> We've got about 12,000 clients that we
put through either our mini memberships
or our high ticket coaching program. Our
goal is to have 10,000 more in the next
year. We'd like to diversify our
advertising channels and start to
include a lot more affiliate
partnerships and charities. Uh I've got
a goal of a million donated through
partnerships with charities in the next
year.
>> Oh, cool.
>> In order to do that, we're going to need
to double our revenue. So now tell me
about how you get customers.
>> Basically, like I said, it's a book
funnel and 85% of our customers come
from buying the book.
>> I'm familiar with book funnels.
>> Another 10% comes from conferences,
meetups, guest podcasting. We're beefing
that up. We're trying to diversify our
channels. And then right now,
affiliates, and charity partnerships are
kind of in their infancy, but we do get
about 5% of customers there.
>> So what are the problems for?
>> So our biggest problem right now, single
channel advertising. Uh we're heavily
dependent, like I said, about 85% on
Meta. We we're kind of hitting a ceiling
at 100 grand a month. Yeah. I spent 150
grand last month and it got 10% extra
book sales. It is a loss leader. It's
currently taking us about 6 months to
break even even with the the back end.
>> Yeah. Second problem.
>> Lot of skepticism in this industry
largely because we are associated with
travel hacking. A lot of people assume
this is a lot of trouble to save 10 or
20%. The actual savings when you travel
the Joot way is more like 70 to 90%.
When people plan a trip, the odds of
them getting a great deal on that trip
and they've already painted themselves
into a corner. Say they want to go to
Italy in June, the odds of that being a
good deal is kind of like placing a chip
on roulette.
>> Yeah.
>> Most times it's going to be very
expensive. Every once in a while, like
one in 20 times, they get lucky. The Ju
way of travel is you find the good
deals. There are thousands of them out
there. You plan your vacation around
them and it's like placing a chip on the
roulette table after the marble drops.
>> Anything else that you have?
>> So, knowing that you probably have more
points than you know what to do with,
but not enough time to figure out what
to do with them, we put a little
itinerary together that includes a
Singapore suite.
>> Ah,
>> that typically goes for 5 to 10 grand.
Apartment
5 to $10,000 flight one way. And we
basically put an itinerary around the
world that would normally cost uh about
$70,000 for the five countries that we
found. And we showed you how to do it on
points for 1,800 bucks out of pocket.
>> Love this for us.
>> So basically, we're going to send you
from Vegas to San Francisco to Singapore
to Abu Dhabi, then to London and back
home through Mexico City.
>> Great images. And all of these are first
class flights that would have normally
costed either $70,000
or 7 million points. And we put them
together for about a million points.
>> It's a clear savings prop. You have to
spend money in order to Yeah. spend
money to save money type thing. What
percentage of your sales right now are
outbound versus inbound?
>> Right now, so we just implemented some
aggressive outbound like within the past
month. spin
probably 60/40. 60% inbound, 40%
outbound. We we'd like to really ramp
that up.
>> That'll probably be a central feature of
what we're talking about. What do you
want to have happen with the business?
You want to double it? Do you want to
sell the business or you just want to
make money with it?
>> I have zero interest in selling this
business.
>> Great. Well, then this makes it way
easier.
>> I'd just like to impact twice as many
people's lives.
>> So, now that we've gone through Joel's
business, I'm going to work through core
areas where he's stuck and what we can
do to fix them. And for each area, I'll
break down the exact principles and
tactics Joel can use to scale, which are
likely going to apply to your business
as well. So, let's get started with
number one, which is being clear whether
Joel has a supply constraint business or
a demand constrained business.
>> I have a bunch of ideas. You want to
come on this side and we'll utilize this
brand new beautiful paper desk that my
team made for me. Very excited.
>> Let's do it. My first triage question
that I'm always thinking through is this
a supply or demand constraint business?
And so, this is demand constraint
business like you can handle more
customers. So there's two ways we can
think about this. So if we have this
from a decision tree perspective, right?
It's like okay, so this is a demand
constrained business. Got it. So in
order to fix demand, we can go new
channel. I know that you're considering
doing like the second channels. I feel
like there's a lot more that you can
milk on the existing one by like a lot
just because the nature of this offer is
so broad. This is the type of offer that
can probably scale to like 100,000 plus
a day and spend. It's like okay, so we
have a new channel, we have lower CAC
which underneath of this we can do
through CRO. So, conversion optimization
or we can do this through better
creative
or offer.
So, this is this is me just kind of
sharing how I'm thinking through this.
So, we can get that or we can just spend
more, right? Which is always a fun one.
But given the fact that you said you've
had these constraints on whenever you do
spend more, you you like quickly hit a
wall, which is fairly common, then it's
going to probably be a combination of
one of these three things. I'm basically
focused on those pieces because these
are basically the three things that are
going to unlock that. So, right off the
bat with better, where are you getting
your UGC? So, user generated content
because you have the most visual type of
product. The image that I saw is just
like you and the team. My god, people
take pictures on their vacations and I
feel like your groups probably have
crazy, you know, them in front of the
Taj Mahal and, you know, whatever else.
I feel like if you have that kind of
like a Tik Tok style like check out this
trip that I just booked for under X, I
think that would destroy.
>> So like video generated content.
>> Yeah. selfie style. Like you I mean I'm
sure you probably get all these like
think about these Instagram pages that
just show like trips and like all these
kind of like hacks and stuff and a lot
of them have like 1 million 2 million
plus and like they're very active like
super engaged. I would model those style
videos like well can you just try and
pull up a good travel page on Instagram?
So this style just like this,
>> okay,
>> with your real like and that's a real
person. You can tell she's not some
model. It's like a real person.
>> And if just had a pin thing on the top
that was like, I did all this for under
$1,800. I think it will work really well
>> and just run all of it, test it all. And
I mean, again, we can run it
organically.
>> It's so visual. This is so visual. And
people watch these so they can just
vicariously live through it. And it's
like, you don't have to live through
this. You can do this.
>> Okay, that's compelling. the highest
point of leverage I think in this
business I'm going to change some
backend stuff too but like if you unlock
the UGC loop this thing will crunch and
so I think are you on TikTok
>> uh embarrassingly low following that
>> okay there's some businesses that it's
tougher if I have a tax savings business
it's like maybe I'll have a business
owner talk about his tax saving it's not
very visual right maybe get some
emotional about the story and things
like that that's the angle we'd have to
take there this is so visual what we
need to do is number one we need to
incentivize people to post the reals
inside of the story. And when they do
that, they get to unlock some sort of
checklist that you hold back and people
like, "How do I get access to that?"
It's like, "Oh, post a montage of your
trip that you're able to do in under 60
seconds." And here's how you do it. And
you can show them how to how to put it
together. And I think a lot of people
would want to do that. And you already
probably have a a ton of them anyways,
>> but just ask for permission to use them.
And then you can get the and basically
in exchange for permission, they get
this extra training or they get this
extra thing. I think that what will
unlock this is a decentralized content
machine. So instead of you trying to be
like, okay, we have to go make more ads,
it's like every week we have 20, 30
videos that are coming from our
community of the trips that they were
able to take and every week we blast all
30 videos up there and we see where the
winners are and then boom, once we have
the winners, then we just juice them and
then we try and cut them a bunch of
different ways.
>> Okay,
>> so the second thing, so the UGC loop,
right? I'll go into more detail in a
second, but that's kind of like the the
big thing. number one. Second one is
something I call kaleidoscope. But
basically,
I know you have one piece of creative.
Do you want to pull it up, Michael? The
the highest converting one of all time.
So, one of the interesting thing we can
do here is like, so this image, it's
like there's 20 ways to Sunday. We can
we can do this. So, like you had the AI
versions of me that you did at all those
I want you to take this image and then
AI a bunch of different versions of
this. It's like, okay, how do I make
this black and white? How do I do with a
sepia filter? We could take this and put
it into AI and say make a 3se secondond
video of this image which it would then
just make a 3se secondond video of it
even though it's just an image. Let's do
a cartoonized version and let's do
cartoon in this version and Giblly and
let's do like cuz right now that's
trending and so that will give you 20 30
variations of whenever you do have your
winner. Blast the hell out of how many
more uh slices and angles that you can
take on it. In terms of the copy, what I
found in scaling like a campaigns is
that when you do have copy that wins,
you don't need to change it nearly as
often as you think. So like when we ran
the school games all last year and
pushed it really really hard, we had uh
one version of the copy that we ran for
6 months and then a second version of
the copy that we ran for three. in a
different company um that we own we
spend gosh couple hundred thousand a day
and after 5 years there's three hooks
there's three like when you find the
winners you just run them and so I think
so part of it is just like putting your
mind at risk of like what do we need to
do this different it's like no you found
your winner so now we just need to like
create different versions so the
creative on the other hand that changes
all the time but with the copy and the
messaging it's like we just leave that
if it's if it's working it's like you
can just keep using that over and over
and again but I do think this UGC loop
will be really big. And then once we
have the winners, we collidoscope the
hell out of them, which is like how
which is like AI. We have filters
um that we can do. We have, you know,
remakes, which is can I sorry, it's
okay. Remake. Uh can we take this um
video and then just refilm it? Because
these a lot of these are going to be
video based. And so what's interesting
about video versus static is that
statics work better for a lot of
businesses because they suck at video,
not because video doesn't work. But good
video beats images.
>> Yeah. Good video beats images, but
images beat bad videos. And so most
people are like, "Oh, statics work."
Like we can't get videos to work only
statics work. It's just cuz the videos
aren't good. And it's the same thing as
people who make content are like, "Oh,
content doesn't work." It's like, "No,
good content works, but bad doesn't." Do
you make shorts or anything like that?
>> Very painful and slow growth. But yeah,
>> you need to just get one hyper
caffeinated uh 20-year-old who lives and
is brain rotted. Gen Z. Um, see see I'm
using I'm using the I'm using the slang,
right? Who just really is native.
They're plugged in to the platforms
because they'll be able to look
immediately at your stuff and be like,
"Oh, this is not working." It's like,
"Okay, the hook's off." Like, you're not
using trending audio. You're trying to
make these look professional, but they
just need to be like iPhone selfie style
and we can use like a pinned comment on
the top of the video. There's so many
like meme versions of this. It's like
you can travel around the world for less
than $1,000. Prove me wrong.
>> And then it's like and then you'd have
troll city under right underneath of it.
Like there's so many different
contextual like trending things that are
happening right now. I would say that
the number one biggest thing that's
limiting the business is better
creative. So typically when there's a
cap sometimes it's a money cap, which is
like we just can't afford to spend more.
And I'll cover that in a second, but
like the creative unlock
is usually why someone gets limited.
We've scaled to $10,000 a day, whatever
it is. It's like, okay, so $10,000 a day
is all we can spend based on how good
this creative is, right?
>> And so the easiest because I know you
come from an ad background. So if you're
familiar with the Old Spice commercial,
>> the guy on the horse,
>> my theoretical view of the world is that
if you have a product that everyone
could buy, then there is one ad that is
good enough that could convert everyone.
So that ad took Old Spice from a small
player in the men's body wash into the
majority of the market with one
campaign. That campaign literally took
the entire market for them and it was
because it was so good that it could
convert everyone. Typically the limits
are just that as if you think about how
Facebook or Meta whatever spends it's
like they're going to go to the most
interested people first cuz you're
optimizing for conversions and they'll
be like okay these are probably a little
bit less interested but still kind of
adjacent and then this is like your CPA
starts going up. Okay, now there's this
way bigger market over here and then as
soon as you hit you try to break through
this wall your CPA goes up because the
creative is not good enough. this UGC
Loop Plus 20-year-old
uh crack addict.
Yeah, I like that. Uh
uh who lives on his phone or her phone
uh is probably the unlock here because
the best way to test this out is start
getting more aggressive with your short
form content. They can make these as
obviously like organic posts and then
when you find your winners, just take
that same post, add a 5-second CTA at
the end and then run that as an ad. It
crushes. It's a double dip because
you're posting content and then you
don't have to waste any money. And then
when one crushes, you take that, boom,
post it and then run it. So that is the
content
winners.
Also, I'm going to bet something
interesting here. This is Alex just
making a bet with no informed data. Part
of the reason that you have avatars that
are retirees and business owners is that
you are a retiree business owner and
they see your ads and also Facebook's AI
reads who's in the ad and then displays
the ads whether or not you choose to
target them based on who is most likely
to convert. And likeness is one of the
strongest predictors of conversion. It
doesn't take an AI genius to be like,
"Oh, we've got an Asian lady. let's show
this to Asian ladies because Asian
ladies are more likely to convert but
they do it through the algorithm so it's
not racial profiling but if you want to
have more diversity in terms of the
types of customers and this is also like
you think about this little loop here
>> well there's another one of these that's
for Asian ladies and another one of
these that's for each of those and so
like you could probably get to kind of
saturation on each of the circles even
with your existing quality of creative
by just having a diversity of avatars in
the ads themselves
>> and so even though we're we could still
target the exact same audience but the
algorithm will go target the subject of
the of the images.
>> Yes.
>> Cuz they're the most likely to convert
and they're the most likely that you'll
keep spending because it's converting,
>> right?
>> So, I'm going to write a bunch of these
down and then we're going to just
prioritize which one is the most likely.
But AI uh avatars right now are just
about good enough to be used. And so,
you can have these kind of like Tik
Tokified AI videos that are 15 30
seconds of like, "Guys, you won't
believe it. I just went around the world
for under $1,200." And the craziest
thing is it didn't objection number one,
objection number two, objection number
three. And the best part is I got it
with this book and I found it on a
random ad. Totally changed my life.
That's it. And it goes straight to the
book funnel.
>> I think that'll crush it.
>> All of this means we don't have to do
all of that other stuff.
>> More and better first if we can. It's
just the nature of what you sell is so
visual and people naturally take lots of
pictures. They want to share food and
travel. This is super visual. Tons of
people post about this stuff. travel.
Tons of people post about this stuff and
I would look at the top travel pages,
look at the most viral content they have
and model that for my ads. Seven hidden
gems that you've never heard of before
and it's it shows these like crazy
montages and those things get like
gazillions of views. All we have to do
is just weave the fact that we have a
pin. How do you see the seven gems for
under $1,000?
>> Ah, okay.
>> Right. Just we just have to just layer a
filter of like our offer in front of it
and I think it'll I I think you have so
much creative like if this is the
creative that's been running the
business, there's so much room. I think
it looks authentic. But again, this is
where I think the UGC loop will be big.
So, one is you can use it with a AI
avatars. You don't even have to ask for
them. But I think the UGC loop is like
probably the faster, easier, immediate
thing that you can do without having to
learn, you know, new stuff. I think that
this is really the front end stuff like
this is how do we lower CAC with just
better creative? So, this gives us more
from the customers. This expands and
multiplies that even more. This gives us
a content loop that the 20-year-old
crack addict is going to be a to make by
modeling um
travel
pages.
Real quick, I'm going to show you the
exact 10stage road map from zero to 100
million plus that less than 1% of
companies finish. I've now done multiple
times. And so I can say with a lot of
confidence that these are the stages as
headcount increases that you need to get
through. And I broke each of these down
by eight different functions of the
business. What the constraint feels
like, like what are the symptoms of it
when you're going through it. And then
what steps we actually took to graduate.
And we've done this across software,
physical products, uh service
businesses, brickandmortar, all of this.
And it works. And it's my gift to you.
It's absolutely free. And so the link's
in the description, but you just go
acquisition.com/roadmap.
Just enter your info and it'll spit it
right back to you. All free. The meat of
this is still going to be the sales
team. So the fact that you started it
last month, I think is encouraging. I do
think that we can improve dialer pickup
rates. What's the benefit of being on
the call?
>> We want to make them help them get as
much out of the book for the people who
don't qualify. Like if they spend less
than 5,000 a year,
>> they just aren't going to have the
muscle memory to learn these strategies.
>> And so when you're saying when you said
the $5,000 thing, you're saying if they
spend $5,000 a year on their vacations,
that's too
>> uh on Yeah. On travel in general. Yeah.
>> Okay. Per year. Interesting. Okay. Does
it have anything to do with their credit
card spend?
>> Yes. Those are the two most important
factors. Okay. Uh so
>> also 5,000 a month.
>> So remember when I was saying at the
very beginning like are there are there
specific factors that qualify the
avatar?
>> So if those are the two factors that are
most important for the sale, then those
are the two things that I would want to
weave into the funnel that we could get.
So that way it's like if your team's
going to make the outbound dials and
your dialer probably can score leads or
should be, you know, prioritizing the
leads, then it's like, well then we're
going to start with all the people who
are spending over 5,000 on their credit
card and then 5,000 on their vacations,
then it's like they're two for two, call
those first. And if it's a one out of
two, call them second. And zeros, it's
like maybe we'll get some reward. So I
think lead score,
which is then add
credit card spend, and what was the
other one? Oh, and then um vacation
spend
to uh opt in.
All right. One of the things that you
brought up was that the big list of
excuses that come up when you do the
pitches. So, one of the things that I
want to do is we need to call it out
before.
So, on the sales call, I want to
basically frontload all of our damaging
admissions
because you said it's too good to be
true. And when you have an offer that's
too good to be true, you make it less
good so that it's more blame.
>> It sounds counterintuitive. No,
basically.
>> Well, you have to be do this, but it's
like our testimonials are often accused
of being fake generated AI too to be
truth.
>> How old are you?
>> 53.
>> Yeah. You could be like, listen, I'm 53.
I don't even know how to work AI. So,
like these are real. No, but what I
would do with the damaging mission piece
is say, listen, before I tell you about
the good, let me tell you about the bad.
And then I would just start listing off
all the things that suck about this.
It's just like, listen, if you want to
only go on a specific day per year, it's
not going to work for you. If that's a
problem, then like I want to tell you
that these are some of the issues. If
you want to go to top shelf places that
we're good, so you can have what you
want, just not when you want.
>> And so that's the trade. Now, if you're
at a different point in your life where
you're like, you know, I can take off
whenever I want. They don't mind if I
take two weeks in the middle of
September versus the middle of, you
know, October or June. To your point
with Italy, you can backpedal. It's
almost like selling off the back of
like, hey, if you that's a problem for
you, then this isn't going to work. So,
it's like telling them all the reasons
it's not going to work up front so that
they're like, "Okay,
>> so then they can self-qualify. Okay, I
could do that."
>> Yeah.
>> Versus, I refuse to do that.
>> There's no way. It's too good to
believe. There's tons of other things
that suck about this. So, let me tell
you about the things that suck. No, but
the thing is is that after you put all
that damaging mission, so now when I
tell you what's good about it, you're
going to believe me. But we have to I
think you frontload. you want to take
all the wind out of their sales and give
them all of the reasons that and then o
you can weave in overcomes obviously but
you can do it from the position of like
here's all the reasons it won't work but
a lot of people are like oh I don't mind
that they're self-qualifying
because everybody still wants the
benefit they just don't believe it they
want it they just don't believe it so
damaging admissions frontloaded
we went through all of this but I'm
going to simplify this into really just
two steps if that works for That sounds
great. I'm a master of over complicating
things. All
>> right. I think big picture, this right
here
is thing number one. And I'm actually
just going to go this way. Dialer lead
scoring. And I think you need to
increase your number of salespeople.
If we added this all up, we've got, call
it 250 book sales a day. And then you
said you have 40 a month who joined the
$99 thing or 40 a week. Well, we're
averaging about 600 700 a month.
>> Okay. 700 a month. So, divided by 320ish
per day. And then book, which is free
shipping, right? Something like that,
I'm guessing. And then the Facebook
group you said was 1,500 per month.
>> Yeah. 1,000 to,500.
>> Okay. So, we got 30 here.
>> 30 new Facebook members. We probably get
10% of them who give a phone number.
>> Okay. We could just make it required if
we wanted to. And I think the reason
they would do it is because you say we
include a free travel assessment. So I
think that's the nugget that we give and
I think you do that for both of these
but here I'm just going to just use
rough math here. Obviously you put a
little bit of but we have about 300
prospects per day that are coming in the
funnel. If you have 300
I would probably be thinking like gosh
you're going to need a bigger team. Like
if you really want to work the leads
you'll probably need six guys with a
power dialer. Their KPI should be like
$300 a day each. And you can use
something called a parallel dialer. What
it does is it calls 10 numbers at once
for each of them. You have 5% pickup
rates. So you definitely need something
like this. But let's just say two people
pick up here. It'll automatically
connect this one of them to that person
and one person to this person. So
basically the bigger the team, the
better it works.
>> That would be the answer, right? Cuz
it'll just roll to
>> Exactly. whoever. And so now you just
have massive amounts of dials that are
happening. And what you do is you're
maximizing talk time instead of them
just spending a lot of time just waiting
for a connection. They're going to be
like connected. And so the efficiency of
the team's also going to go up by a lot.
And I think you can actually work these
leads cuz I think that the two doubles,
you probably have more than one double
in the business. This is a multi-x
unlock
and this is a multi-x unlock. And I
don't think there's anything else you
have to do. And I think these two
things, the nice thing is that like they
all will work off what your existing
spend is, but this will drive down CAC.
All this, this will also drive down CAC.
So your LTV to CAC ratio will improve.
So will profitability. But then what
it'll do and the main long-term benefit
is that it'll break you through this
barrier into this much bigger pool.
>> And then you'll be able to continue to
spend and scale.
>> Yeah. And that's something that I've
written off. I started the company for
this bigger pool.
>> Yeah.
>> Started the company because I was broke.
I I had no business traveling, but I
discovered it and
>> it was only by getting past assumptions.
>> Yeah.
>> And I can't advertise to them. I'm
advertising to these people.
>> Yeah. cuz they pay the bills, but I'd
love to impact them.
>> Yeah. And I think
>> this this solves that problem.
>> Yes. You have a demand constrained
business. So these are the paths. You
know, we can spend more, which we tried.
New channel, a little too hard for right
now in my opinion. Can we lower cost to
acquire? Yes, we're going to do that
through better creative conversion
optimization. We could have tweaked the
offer, but the offer is already
converting, so I don't really want to
mess with it. These are the two angles
that we attacked it from. This is the ad
side. This is the conversion side. Love
it. Rock and roll. Easy.
>> Pleasure.
>> Thanks, Alex.
>> Yeah.
>> So, if you enjoyed this episode with
Joel and want to see how it approach
scaling a different business, you can
check this out.
