22,265,736
total users on school as of today. And
to get that big, we had to know how to
retain users. And one of the biggest
places we learned this from is the
communities on the platform itself. And
so in this video, I'm going to break
down what we've learned so far that you
can use to retain your customers longer
in any recurring revenue business. And
this is a special shout out to school
and Sam. I'm taking all the learnings
that he put in the school news and I'm
trying to make them public because I
think they're awesome. So number one is
think of churn like a leaky bug net and
then diagnose what's actually happening.
So your MR meaning your monthly
recurring revenue grows when new members
are greater than churn members. So for
example, if you sell five people and you
lose four, your MR will grow. If you
sell five new members and five churn,
your growth will be flat. you begin
declining when you have fewer new people
than people who leave. And so
tactically, what you want to do is track
those two numbers on a monthly basis,
joins versus cancels, and then force
yourself to label the businesses
growing, flat, or declining based on
that. That's thing one. Thing two, you
want to use retention benchmarks. And so
this way you can know if you're good.
And so I'll just give you the school
platform averages. Now to be clear, this
isn't uh churned for like an insurance
premium or an alarm system, but if you
sell anything that is, I would say a
tradition, you know, a consumer service
that's not like a home service, but just
like a weight loss service or anything
that you'd help somebody, uh, or remote
service or anything that's like an
online service, um, these metrics will
probably be much more correlated to what
you're at. And so the platform average
across school is 80% monthly retention.
So said differently, it's 20% chance. So
80% stay, 20%. That's the platform
average. Now the best groups have less
than 10% churn, aka 90% retention month
over month. The not good groups have
less than 70% retention, aka 30% or
higher. And so tactically, if less than
seven out of 10 people want to stay on a
monthly basis, you probably need to work
on your retention more than anything
else. It'll be the highest ROI lever.
Now, to put this in context, if you take
your turn from 20% to 10%. or said
differently, you take your retention
from 80 to 90%. You didn't just get a 10
or 12% boost, you got a double in the
LTV per customer, meaning customers stay
twice as long when you make that change.
And so, one of the big things that
people get confused about these small
numbers is that the smaller the number,
the bigger the change by percentages
when you make these small tweaks. And to
be clear, this is all monthly in
comparison to others, not in comparison
to have like a sellable business or
anything like that. Real quick, I'm
going to show you the exact 10-stage
road map from zero to 100 million plus
that less than 1% of companies finish
I've now done multiple times. And so I
can say with a lot of confidence that
these are the stages as headcount
increases that you need to get through.
And I broke each of these down by eight
different functions of the business,
what the constraint feels like, like
what are the symptoms of it when you're
going through it, and then what steps we
actually took to graduate. And we've
done this across software, physical
products, uh, service businesses,
brickandmortar, all of this, and it
works. And it's my gift to you. It's
absolutely free. And so the link's in
the description, but you just go
acquisition.com/roadmap.
Just enter your info and it'll spit it
right back to you. All free. So number
three is the biggest rule is that churn
drops dramatically with time. All right.
So this is like this is a very cool
inference that that uh Sam shared with
me that I thought was really really
interesting. So it it's it's very easy
to think okay my average churn is call
it 10% a month but when you actually
look at cohorts of churn meaning people
who are at their sixth month versus
people at the second month versus third
month etc the averages across platform
are also very different by month and so
for example month one to three are the
highest churn so they're 20% plus during
these months now if you keep someone 90
days which seems to be the first kind of
big churn drop off point it drops to
around 10% or less And you're like,
"Huh, that's kind of interesting." It
basically drops in half if you get
people to day 90. Now, by month six, so
another 90 days after that, churn gets
extremely low. So, it goes from like 10%
to 2%. All right? So, a 5x decrease or a
5x increase in LTV depending on how you
want to see it. And so, the implications
of this are huge because a lot of people
will obsess, myself included, about like
how do I get my my monthly churn down,
you know, over and over again. An easier
way to think about decreasing your
return is not how do I make this number
go down, but how do I get someone to
stay past day 90? How do I get these
people to stay past month six? Because
those become much more tactical in terms
of like this is what I can do. Now, to
be clear, if your community or recurring
revenue thing is less than 90 days old,
then your churn is always going to be
inflated because you haven't even gotten
those customers who've made it past that
point. That would over time decrease
your monthly churn. If it's less than
six months old, it's the same thing,
just a little bit less. And so to be
clear, don't overhaul your entire
business because your month one churn
sucks. Uh that's normal for it to be
higher than the other months, unless
basically everyone's leaving, in which
case, yes, you should go fix that. All
right, so that's number three. And I
think that one's like really, really
big, and I want to like hit on that.
Like
I would say if you had to focus on three
tactics, have a very specific strategy
for getting people past the first month
because that's the biggest month of
churn. So that's going to come from
activation, onboarding, expectation
setting, selling the right promises on
the front end, showing up every day,
making sure that you're providing
content in that in that environment.
Day 90 is probably going to have to
deliver some sort of outcome, some sort
of change in behavior for them. Month
six, it's usually them connecting with
other people within that community. All
right? And so this is kind of as these
things develop. Now, number four, ask
people why they canceled and then look
for the patterns. So, I would say
earlier on in my career, I would just
like when someone says, "Oh, it cost too
much." I would just ignore them. I'd be
like, "Ah, they just don't understand
the value." But over time, I've learned
to appreciate that like I'll tell you a
cool little thing. Sam has the head of
customer support sits right next to him
in the whole office. And the reason for
that is because he wanted a very tight
feedback loop between the problems that
customers are experiencing, the reasons
they're cancelling, and the things that
are getting built. And that's why school
is such a strong platform is so good.
And so tactically message people who are
cancelling and say hey why are you
canceling and don't kneejerk you know on
one response to be clear don't be like a
this one person canceled like look for
patterns collect enough feedback uh to
see them and so tactically you can
create a simple DM script and then you
can tag the reason that people have in
an Excel sheet so it could be like price
overwhelm not using it's missing a
feature it's not what I expected and you
can look at that and for every 20
cancels or so review the top one or two
reasons and then fix those really
tactical advice. Please do this. Number
five, ask your best members why they
stayed. So, we're asking the bad people
why they leave. We're asking the good
people why they stay. And then do more
of that. So, identify the longest tenur
people aka the most engaged members. And
then ask them like, what made you stay?
What's the number one value that you get
here? And so then tactically, whatever
shows up repeatedly becomes your kind of
retention engine. And so everything else
after that is really optional. And I I
want to emphasize this point. If you can
only do one thing that gets people to
stay, why would you do five? And this is
a lesson that took me too long to learn
because oftentimes we believe that in
order to fix things, we need to fix them
through addition. When often times we
need to fix them through subtraction and
ailaration, aka making it better rather
than adding more stuff. Because if you
were to simply fulfill the promise that
you originally made, they'd probably
stay. So if you think about how do I
improve the quality of a product, you
make a promise and then you remove all
friction associated with getting that
thing. And so the businesses, the
products, and the services that win are
the ones that simply make all the things
that suck about achieving the good thing
go away. School fundamentally helps
people get started online. And so all
we've done is try to optimize to make it
as easy as humanly possible. And that
doesn't mean adding more features. It
means making everything in the
background just vanish so it just works.
Which leads me to number six, price
objections. You don't want to guess, you
want to tear based on evidence. So at
school, so us eating our own dog food,
we had a bunch of people canceling
saying it's too expensive. And so what
we did is we created a lower tier while
still keeping the higher tier available
with some additional uh you know metrics
and you know additional admins things
that you know unique URLs you know no
sidebars of competitor groups kind of
advertising the same area. We kept that
for the high level people, but the
people who are lower level who are just
kind of hobbyists are just getting
started. We created a 11 times cheaper
tier from $99 to $9, right? And so
this was important for school because a
lot of hobby groups are people getting
started and maybe they're not
necessarily making a ton of money. They
got to figure out a few months and the
difference between $100 a month and, you
know, uh, $9 a month is pretty huge. And
so that allowed the people who were like
still figuring it out to still be able
to use the tool and stay and then
ultimately be successful longer term.
Now tactically, if your ideal customers,
this is a very important point, if your
ideal customers say the price is the
issue, then you can add a lower tier or
a standard plan. If non ideal people say
it's too expensive, just ignore it. That
means that the price is actually acting
as a good filter, right? Like if you if
you're like, I want a community for a
million dollar plus business owners and
people who are not a million dollars
plus say this is expensive, then it's
like great, bingo, it's working. All
right. Um same thing with whoever your
avatar is. Which leads to number seven,
overwhelm. So let's talk about this. The
number one reason people churn outside
of price is overwhelm. It is the churn
driver. And this is why doing less can
often retain more. And so the core idea
behind this is like I don't have the
time. I can't keep up. I can't utilize
it. And usually it just means there's
too much stuff. So I want to I want to
break down a real world example of this
outside of school that applied the same
concept. So Planet Fitness uh is a $10 a
month, you know, gym subscription. They
have some upsells, whatever. And they
were able to enter the market in a place
that there's already tons of gyms,
there's already tons of health clubs,
etc. But what they realized when they
surveyed customers was that people
joined health clubs and they were paying
$59 a month or whatever. And they had
basketball courts and racket courts and
uh cardio and pool and all this other
stuff, right? And when they surveyed
people, the vast majority of people just
use the cardio equipment and a little
bit of weights. And so they were like,
"Wait, so these have these massively
built out things, but people are only
using 10 or 15% of the facility." And so
what they did, they said, "What if we
just took out that 10 or 15%, put it
over here, and then charge way less for
it?" And by doing that, they had a
superior value proposition. Now, here's
what gets really interesting.
When you have five things that you pay
for, but you only use one, you feel like
you're only getting 20% of the value. If
for the same price
you just offer that one thing, people
feel like they're getting a 100% of the
value. So someone is more likely to
churn in this scenario because you added
more stuff because now they feel like
they're using not enough of it. Wild. So
us as business owners a lot of times
we're thinking, "Oh, I'm going to I'm
going to add this, you know, I'm going
to add all this extra stuff." But the
reality is all we did is we gave them
more reason to cancel because they never
used it. And so we had a community on
school where they found out about this.
They deleted content that they had and
they took their turn from 30% month
overmonth to five. They had a 6x
increase in LTV by simply having fewer
things. All right. A simple version of
this is and I I'll give you a tactical
uh uh I'll give you a couple tactics
around this. So you can make a a little
form and just simply ask your customers,
hey, if I were to delete everything,
what one thing would you fight for? And
on the inverse, if I were to keep
everything and just remove only one
feature, which one thing would you not
mind seeing go? And then if you chart
those on a graph, what you'll find out
is what the number one and number two
most valuable things are. And often
times it's really outsized. And most of
the time, you just need to do those
things and basically forget about
everything else because one of the big
things we have to remember is that
people who are using your services are
not full-time using your stuff. They
have lives. And so we want to think
about value per second, not seconds of
value. And in the digital world, that
might mean just one post, one call
recording, or just one single action
that you need to take that's valuable
for them. That's it. If someone just
gets that every week from you, they're
in. Which leads to number eight. Design
for the extremes. Have a busy path, like
the person who's just kind of like a
dabbler dipping their toe in the water.
And then also have kind of like the
power user depth. And so a busy member
should be able to get value from a
distance. They should be able to keep up
and not feel like they're left behind.
On the other hand, a hardcore person
should be able to go deep all day. And
so tactically, make an explicit start
hereweekly cadence flow for the busy
people while leaving optional kind of
like side quests and depth for the kind
of like heavy users or heavy Yeah, the
heavy users. Nine, move the ladder
closer to the front. So frontload the
thing that people love. So we use snakes
and ladders as a concept. So you want to
remove the snakes aka the friction, the
confusion, the overwhelm. And if there's
a long ladder, the thing that makes
people stick, put it in the onboarding.
So tactically, if the calls are the
stickiest thing or this specific service
or this specific implementation or
onboarding or activation, the best call
replay, whatever it is, the pin post,
put that sticky sticky thing up front.
And you want to pin, this is now a
school specific thing, but it still
works with any onboarding is you want to
pin the fast one up front so new members
hit that value ideally within the first
24 hours. And this works for any
recurring business, whether you're
teaching someone how to sell, teach them
work leads, teach them how to pickle
pickle jars, whatever. Like, as long as
you have a way to get people a win fast,
they will like you more. 10, show up
daily and care. So, this is something
that we saw across all communities is
that the owners who showed up in the
community on a daily basis had
significantly higher retention than the
people who didn't. Big surprise. Now,
we've basically never seen this fail.
And so, if a member feels like the owner
isn't active or doesn't care, they
leave. And so, a tactile minimum would
just be like, put an alarm, make it part
of your daily routine. And so on a small
level, you can clear notifications, DMs,
you know, uh, report whatever content
or, you know, deal with content that
people might have reported. Now, this is
talking about school, but you can apply
this to your own business, which is like
what am I doing every day to show up for
my customers and can I make that a
repeated action that I do that's high
value and high leverage. This also means
like read the complaints every morning
of customers who are dealing with
issues. Because if you if you want to
hide your head in the sand, uh you will
be well I guess your head will be in the
sand and that will suck because then
it'll get in your ears and your nose and
it's like you know how you gonna live,
right? It's it's a tough life and so so
you know encourage the good behavior
that you that you have the people who
follow what you want. People leave nice
reviews, people leave nice testimonials.
You want to tell people and say good
job. On the other hand, delete bad stuff
and delete bad people. I cannot tell you
how powerful deleting cancers is. Like
if they do it in your body, you should
do it in your community or membership.
Which leads me to number 11, which is a
weekly call and a recording. And so live
voice/face deepens relationships. And so
recordings kind of just like let busy
people keep up. There's very often that
there's like weekly podcasts that have
tremendous retention. It's just like
it's just enough like and think about TV
shows. Like obviously Netflix created
the binge culture, but the vast majority
of shows are like once a week. it's
enough that people can keep up with it.
And too many of these kind of like extra
add-ons, people kind of revert to that
one thing and you want to make sure that
the one thing they're consuming is the
best one. So, if you're unsure what kind
of communication cadence to stick with,
just default to like one big thing per
week. Uh, and then like a best of post.
Very simple. So, it could be like weekly
call and weekly post. That's all you
have to do. Very, very simple within a
community structure. Let's go number 12.
So, you want to add an annual plan with
a discount. So the reason this works is
that annual always has lower churn than
monthly and it's because you only need
to decide one time rather than 12. And
so annual buyers churn less e and even
beyond the they can't cancel effect,
right? So like because they can't cancel
because they already paid is one element
of that. But the other element is just
that like typically those people are
also more committed. They also got a
lower rate. So there's a lot of and
they're also more qualified because they
paid more upfront. So there's a lot of
and and and so having that is valuable.
Now, a common practice here is 16 or 16
or 17% which is usually buy 10 get two.
All right? So, if you're not doing this
within whatever service you sell, have
an annual component that you should
implement like today, like right now,
first thing you do after this, announce
it and expect a meaningful chunk of
people to take it. And what that does is
it stabilizes retention. 13. You want to
build belonging via 101 relationships
and 10 true regulars. Now, this isn't a
digital community, but from a a business
that has any kind of uh community that's
involved, real, in person, etc.
Fostering one-on-one relationship, which
is thinking like what are the unique
aspects of these people who are coming
in and can I pair them with other people
who are like them? Because if people
find I think there's um Leila shared
this out with me, this is on the
employee side, but it it totally
transfers, which is if an employee has a
friend that they are friends with
outside of work, they stay five times
longer at their job. Think about how
wild that is. Just one friend outside of
work or one person that they're like
really good friends with. And so like
hack of hacks, like get them to make one
real friend. Now that's easier said than
done, but the nice thing that you should
have hopefully everyone should have one
thing in common, which is that they're
all uh patrons of your business so they
at least have that interest some way in
common. And so uh the fastest way to do
this is also introduce some of the true
regulars to the new members. And I used
to do this at my gyms. Like otherwise,
everyone just feels brand new. They feel
like in group out group. Like you don't
want to have people feel like they're
walking in on someone else's
conversation. So if somebody's new to a
party, right, and you're holding a party
and someone walks in, what do you do?
Oh, this is John. John, meet Tina. Meet,
you know, meet Jesse. Meet meet Trish.
Uh, you know, John's really good at X,
Y, and Z. Trish is great. John, blah
blah, right? And so it's just like just
help them build rapport, which building
rapport just comes down to like what
things do they have overlap over? That's
all it is. All right. Um, but within the
digital community, so going back down to
school, you can anchor engagement in
community with 10 regulars. That's it.
You just need 10 regulars. The the
tactical piece of this is that identify
the top 10 people. These are your model
citizens, the best customers, your best
avatars. DM them, figure out their
goals, spotlight them, meaning give them
public kudos, invite them to contribute,
not just like watch them do it. And if
you can, again, publicly recognize in
any way possible, it further reinforces
the behavior. and you want to introduce
the new people to them, aka matchmaking.
Sometimes tactics can be very
overwhelming. Uh, but sometimes they're
exactly what you need. Uh, if you have a
recurring revenue business, don't expect
to implement all the stuff at once. Just
take one thing off the list, do it, add
it in consistently, and then once you
get consistent with that one, add
another one off the list. And so,
conquering churn or, you know, trying to
have an all ititeration for retention,
like mastering retention, but I need an
R
something retention. uh remastering
retention um just comes down to doing a
hundred small things consistently over a
very long period of time. And so most
people think that growth looks like this
when in fact growth really just looks
like a flat retention curve. And that
what happens is it just keeps growing.
And so I hope this helps. Uh keep
crushing.
