In this video, I'm going to talk to you
about how to structure the business in
order to sell it and why you should do
that independent of whether or not you
plan on selling it in the future. So,
hi, my name is Alex Rosie. Um, I have a
portfolio of companies that does just
under $100 million a year in revenue.
Uh, we own three outright. We have five
that we have minority positions in. And
the reason I make this channel is cuz
lots of people are broke and I don't
want you to be one of them. If you have
a business right now and you're trying
to scale it, you're trying to grow it.
There's usually one of two outcomes,
right? either this is a is something
that you're super passionate about um or
this is an opportunity that you're
passionate about because of the you know
upside potential of making lots of
money. There's tons of people who really
you know build software companies.
They're not like super passionate about
like data management but they're really
good at it and they think there's an
opportunity to make money. Doesn't
really matter to me. Whatever way you do
it is fine. But what happens is over the
trajectory of the careers of the
entrepreneur, you know, we develop and
skill sets. We level level up. You know,
first we're doing, then we're managing,
then we're leading, then we're casting
the vision, and you move your way up in
the company as the company grows
underneath of you as you scale. Right?
The thing is is that at some point, you
know, I think the entrepreneurial
journey is always trying to find the
most leverage for our skills. Like
what's the best vehicle for the skills
that we have to capitalize on the
opportunity in the marketplace, right?
And that's the entire market, not just
within the the context of your business.
But if you were building the company at
some point, and this is I think the one
of the hardest transitions that I've had
to go through, and it took me a very
long time to do this, was transitioning
from CEO to owner. And you've heard me
talk about this before, but I'm going to
say it again because I think it's so
important. independent of whether I
planned on keeping the businesses or
selling the businesses. Learning how to
structure the business so that it could
sell someday was one of the most
valuable things that I've done as an
entrepreneur. And I remember when I
started out, I was like, I'm never going
to sell this company. I'm never going to
sell this company. Like, I want to keep
these things for life. And that may or
may not be true. But as I've gotten
older, I will tell you this. I do like
having optionality. And by structuring
the company in such a way that I could
sell it, which I'm going to get to what
what some of those things are in a
second, it actually enabled me to have
more freedom, which was the ultimate
goal of the business. And so the biggest
hardship that I've probably forced on
myself was starting another business
while I had a business, which is
probably one of the questions I get most
frequently from entrepreneurs is like,
well, you say I should be focusing on
stuff, but you have all these
businesses. And the answer is yes. And
part of that is because I made mistakes
and I'm hopefully hoping that you don't
have to make the same ones that I did
coming up, which is I was CEO of one
company and then started a second
company. And because I wasn't doing
anything in my first company or wasn't
going to plan on doing anything in my
second company, I was like, I can be CEO
of both. Terrible mistake. It cost me
dearly um in time and stress and all the
other things that go along with that.
But being CEO is a full-time role. And
so unless you are truly the owner of a
company and not the CEO, then that
company still needs you and it means
it's a not sellable or sellable for much
less because it's still dependent on you
as the owner. And I remember I used to
poo poo this when I was, you know,
earlier on in starting my career. I was
like, I would hear gurus say like and
maybe it was cuz I didn't know how to do
it, but they were like, you know, if a
business can't run without you, it's not
a real business. Well, I don't think
it's not a real business. I think that
you are not an owner if it cannot run
without you. or you're an owner but
you're also a CEO of the company and so
for me understanding the difference
between CEO and owner was really
important because so I didn't even have
any examples of that right it was only
when I started looking at the investor
word the wealth world that I understand
the difference between those two things
and so as a as an easy example like if
you look at Warren Buffett he doesn't
run seas candy he owns sees candies
right he doesn't run Geico he owns Geico
and uh he doesn't own you know Ben
Bridges Jewelers or whatever it is like
he owns it he doesn't run it And so if
you think about that within the context
of you know your businesses is like is
there a way that this business could not
only maintain but also grow without my
involvement whatsoever so that I could
function the same way I do in the stock
market as somebody who's in who owns
equity in this company that it grows
without me. Now let me explain how my
role works now because I have been able
to structure my life so that I actually
treat all portfolio companies the same.
So despite the fact that I have 100%
ownership in three of them and I have,
you know, uh, minority stakes in the
other five, I still structure my
engagements with them the same way. So
I'm still meeting quarterly with those
those companies and their leadership
teams. And I have, you know, meetings as
needed with them throughout. And one of
the important pieces is that I am nosin,
hands out. And so you can write that one
down like Niho. And I got that from a
mentor of mine. Nose in hands out. means
that when we have a meeting or we have
a, you know, a long talk or we want to
talk about something strategic, I don't
walk away from the meeting with with
with homework. I don't walk away with
to-dos. All right? And that is a
purposeful effort by design because if I
had to walk away with to-dos from all
these companies that I would I would
never be able to get anything done,
right? And so I go into there as a
strategic adviser. I'm there to offer my
experience, but I'm not there to lead
the meeting. I'm there to bounce ideas
off of. And the way to make that
transition is that you have to build it
with that intention. So, as I've now
built businesses later in my career
compared to earlier in my career, my
earlier businesses, I built independency
on myself because I had those
interpersonal needs and I also didn't
know any better. But hopefully, if
you're watching this, you can know
better. And so, this is one of the
downsides of having a personality- based
brand compared to a business that's
faceless, that's really just a brand in
and of itself that's outside of the
entrepreneur owner who started it,
right? See Candies is not about Warren
Buffett. Geico is not about Warren
Buffett. They have a gecko, right? And
that's the the mascot. And so as I've
transitioned through this, I can tell
you that now finally, I would say I'm in
a position where I actually am an owner.
And it's awesome. It's great. These
companies pump out cash flow and I can
allocate that cash flow accordingly and
and you know, buy percentage of other
companies. I can get in real estate, all
these other things. But it comes from
literally being able to do that, which
means that I either have to bring
someone up to operate as CEO. So right
now your business does not have a CEO
and you say that you are passive in it,
I would probably challenge you on that
and say that's not true, right? the
company has to be able to grow and
innovate without you. If it can do that,
then it passes my test of ownership,
right? And so I I I like to have a
certain amount of involvement, which I
just said, like quarterly and, you know,
touch points and things like that. But
beyond those things, the business must
be able to operate and grow on its own.
And a test that I have is that in a
six-month period after I leave and I put
someone else in charge, does the company
grow during that period of time? not
only maintain but grow in both top line
and profit unless there was you know
some reason they wanted to make some
sort of capital investment or whatever
but for the most part you know you can
use your own common sense there but that
is my litmus test is 6 months so if I
put someone new in and I give them 6
months does the company grow without my
involvement switching to this
communication cadence and I think one of
the hardest and most significant things
that you can do to really remove
yourself from that is if you have any
sort of central communication for the
company so if you have Slack or ASA or
someplace that you that you are, you
know, integrally involved, you see
everything. If you can remove yourself
from that, if you can get off of the
company Slack, if you can get off of the
company Asauna, uh, so that no one can
have contact with you and you can start
a separate communication center, which
is what we have done with our portfolio
company. So, we just have one Slack that
has all of the executives from each of
those portfolio companies. So, they are
the only ones who have direct access to
us and their teams have access to them
directly. And that is how we can have
far more leverage with the skill sets
that we have given the opportunities in
the marketplace. And so the important
point here that I want to make is that
independent of whether you plan on
selling or you plan on keeping your
company, structuring your company so
that you can sell it will ultimately
give you the freedom that you want. And
this was something that I did not do
early on in my career. It's taken me
years, I mean now over a decade to get
to this point. And I can tell you, I
don't think I'll ever build another
company again the way I used to. And I
think part of that comes with skill
sets, part of that comes with beliefs,
part of that is character traits that
you develop over time. But hopefully we
can fast track that, which is why I'm
making these videos for you. So, I hope
you found that valuable. Um, hit
subscribe if if it was for you. I'm
trying to help uh entrepreneurs who are
trying to scale their companies. Um, and
just kind of show you the lessons that
I've learned along the way. The the key
point is ownership is the goal, not CEO.
And if we can act as owners, I think we
make better long-term decisions. you are
far less stressed about short-term
nuances in the business because you have
a much more long-term outlook and
ultimately I think it actually better
serves the business in the long run um
in terms of the value that it creates
for its customers. So, and honestly the
the value that the business creates for
you and your life which I think most of
us wanted freedom um and it takes a long
time to get here. So anyways, hope that
was valuable for you. Leave a comment if
you like uh stuff like this and if you
have other questions around these topics
and stuff I love talking about um and I
just want to make stuff that you find,
you know, that's useful for you. So
anyways, lots of love and I'll see you
next
