There are only four ways to get money.
Steal, inherit, marry into it, trade for
it. If you have morals, you probably
don't want to steal it. And if you're
watching this, you probably aren't going
to inherit it. And even if you are, you
probably don't want to wait until your
parents die to get it. And if you're a
guy, you're probably not going to marry
into it. And even if you do, do you
really want to be owned by your wife's
family? Which means, in all likelihood,
if you're watching this video, you're
likely only have have one option left,
which is to trade stuff for it. And
trading stuff for money. I made a
million dollars 106 times in a row in a
weekend. I also own a portfolio of
companies that trade stuff for money
that did over $250 million in revenue
last year at acquisition.com. Now,
within the element of trading stuff for
it, there are six ways to structure
those trades. And in this video, I'm
going to break them all down and show
you which ones to avoid and which ones
to go for. And I'll do them in reverse
order of bestness. Now, I said there's
six. The last two are god tier setups
that only can work in very specific
circumstances. But that being said,
let's start with number one. So scheme
number one is I work then you pay.
This is a very classic arrangement. This
is a very standard W2 employment
agreement. So the trade is no matter
what happens I get paid um outside of
getting fired. So as long as I don't get
fired, I get paid. And so I trade risk
for reliability in this construct. And
as much as the entrepreneur talking
heads want to say being an employee
nowadays is riskier than owning a
business, that's not really true.
because if it were that everyone would
own them and be rich. Uh and that is not
the case. And as a fun fact, uh the
average business owner uh like almost
half of business owners don't make any
money at all. That means they work the
whole year and end up poor than they
started. Crazy. Uh and that's because
them's the stats. But the median is
about the same as minimum wage in
California. So as much as uh people want
to believe that uh all business owners
are rich, that is not reality. And so
this is the lowest risk uh but most
reliable way of making money. The second
way of trading stuff for money a little
bit better on our riskreward. Number two
is you pay as we go.
So if you think about the first one is
you front like you work and then you get
paid no matter what. This one it happens
in parallel. So as I work I keep getting
paid. This is very typical for
contractors. So sometimes it's like half
now, half later or uh I get paid along
these milestones as long as these things
kind of occur uh throughout our time
period. So this is super typical for
independent contractors and vendors. So
the work is ongoing, you pay me ongoing,
you pay me some now, some during, some
at the end, half now, half later, etc.
Now the pros of this is that you
frontload some of the money. The cons is
that people fire vendors way faster than
employees. And so let me give you an
example. So employees have a 3.9-year
average tenure and that's according to
the US Bureau of Labor Statistics versus
a 3 to 12 month engagement for an
independent contractor and only 1 to 3
months for a temp gig. So that means
that you have five times the annual
turnover for vendors compared to an
employee. And so as much as people are
like, man, it's uh so much less risky to
own your own business, it's like, well,
you're turning over five times faster
than if you were employee. So not
actually true. So, we covered our lowest
uh tier in terms of risk reward. I work
then you pay. Now, we get paid as we go,
which leads us to our third tier, which
is
you pay,
then I work. So, for example, I get paid
in full upfront and then I begin. And
you can only do this when you own a
business. So, I'll give you a simple
example. Surgeons, right? They say,
"Hey," you're like, "Hey, I want to get
surgery." And they say, "Great." uh pay
for the surgery and then I'll do the
surgery. Like, have you ever seen a
surgeon say, "I'll do the surgery and
then you can pay me later." It doesn't
really happen. And so, typically, the
more leverage you have, the further up
this pyramid you can go because you can
ultimately command your own terms. And
so, these are increasingly better terms
with the caveat if you know what you're
doing, right? And so, another structure
for this that you can use is one that I
call as a business owner, layaway. So,
that means that you say, "Hey, I'll
start doing this work on your patio.
I'll start painting your your house.
I'll start helping you with your
marriage, whatever the hell it is. You
just start paying now. And once you've
paid up, we'll begin. And I'll tell you
right now, having done this before.
Having an unlimited payment structure,
which is what layaway affords you. You
say, "Oh, I can make any payment plan
work." And people like light up. They're
like, "Oh, really?" And you're like,
"Yeah." Like, "Well, you know, how much
can you afford?" And they're like,
"Okay, I could I could do 50 bucks a
month." You're like, "Great. So, it's a
$600 thing. It's going to take you a
year. You can pay it off in a year, and
then after that, we'll start." And then
they're like, "Oh, I have to pay it
before we start." And you're like,
"Yeah, what did you expect? I was going
to just go work for you and then you're
going to pay me." And they're like, "Oh,
okay. Well, I can I can split it 300
now, 300 next month." I'm like, "Great."
So, just having layaway nine times out
of 10, letting them make their own
payment plan and then telling them that
that's when they start. People will pay
for speed and layaway is a lever to
force that on them. Also, if they ever
pay and then they fall off, you didn't
lose anything. You just got paid. All
right? So, you you take no risk by doing
this. The only risk you have is that
they might not finish the, you know, the
payments. Obviously, the other one is
that you have a third-party financing
company. They can do this. Um, but
fundamentally, all of these things mean
the same thing in different ways. And I
like using them all. I just think about
them as tools, tools for the job, right?
And so, if you are the type of person
who who gives your time like a surgeon
would or an attorney would. Um, some
attorneys, for example, they say, "Okay,
pay me first a retainer and then I will
draw down from this retainer and then I
will tell you when to reup." They still
get paid before they work. So you can
tell where you're at in terms of
leverage and earning by where you sit on
this pyramid. Real quick, I'm going to
show you the exact 10-stage road map
from zero to 100 million plus that less
than 1% of companies finish. I've now
done multiple times. And so I can say
with a lot of confidence that these are
the stages as headcount increases that
you need to get through. And I broke
each of these down by eight different
functions of the business. What the
constraint feels like, like what are the
symptoms of it when you're going through
it and then what steps we actually took
to graduate. And we've done this across
software, physical products, uh, service
businesses, brickandmortar, all of this,
and it works. And it's my gift to you.
It's absolutely free. And so the link's
in the description, but you just go
acquisition.com/roadmap.
Just enter your info and it'll spit it
right back to you. All free. Drum roll,
please. Number four.
So, this one is one of my favorites,
which is when X happens,
you pay me.
Now, you'll notice that with this one,
uh, things occur and you get paid, which
is divorced from your time commitment.
Not to say you won't put time in, but
the way that you get paid no longer is
reliant on how much you work. And so for
example, a revshare, a profit share, an
outcomebased bonus, accelerators, an
equity deal fundamentally works the same
way. Like why does ownership pay better?
Because if the business does well, then
I get paid. That's how it works. And
these are almost always percentage based
or milestones. Now, there isn't as much
risk with this model when you know what
you're doing. So if I say you don't pay
me until you're top three in Google Maps
rankings, that means I can get paid the
moment that occurs. And if that takes 5
seconds for me, awesome. It just
completely divorces my compensation for
how much time I work. And instead puts
it on my ability to create an outcome,
which is predicated on skills. So in a
consumer example, you could say, "Hey,
if you lose 20 pounds, I get paid more."
You could say, "Hey, if you get ready
bikini show by this time." It could be,
hey, uh, if we finish the project, uh,
on this date, or if you get your ads run
up, you know, running and profitable,
um, by this time for every amount over
X, agencies are classic with this, like
X% of spend. You have consulting
agreements that are percentage of profit
or revenue. There's tons of different
ways to structure these things, but all
of them are when this happens, I get
paid. Now, I said I have two god tier or
S tier versions of this because you
might be thinking, shoot, I work, then
you get paid. I understand why that's
the lowest one here. It's super
reliable, but I'm not going to get a lot
of upside. Uh, you pay as we go. Okay,
we're kind of in lock step here. You pay
then I work. Okay, I'm a little bit more
leverage. When X happens, you pay me.
Now,
if there's a through line for this whole
video, it's that you will be compensated
in proportion to the risk you're willing
to take. And the key is the perceived
risk that you're willing to take on.
Because the people who do this well have
it be very risky for other people and
not risky at all for them. And so the
market overcompensates them because the
market perceived this as very risky.
This is fundamentally what investors
call mispriced bets. And so if you buy
distressed debt, it looks risky. But
there are guys like Howard Marx who made
billions of dollars by buying what other
people perceive as risky when it's not
as risky as they perceive it. And so
many of these things are distortions of
reality for you when you're going
through this because you perceive like I
said earlier that this is lowest risk.
And it is true. But there are also risks
that are not mentioned which is the risk
of not achieving what you want in life.
And so I think that um Peter the said
this best. He said you know if Elon had
even one of the companies he had be
successful we would have said that he
was unbelievably lucky. He said having
two of them be successful it doesn't
even make sense. He said and it makes
you really wonder what does he know
about risk that we don't. And I really
thought about that because like
fundamentally I I was thinking it's like
there are really smart people. They're
really hardworking people. It almost
never correlates with how much you get
paid, but how much risk you take on
certainly does. And in a deal, which all
of these things are transactions, right?
The thing that is always the the
overarching umbrella that you always
have to come in with, is who's got the
risk. And the more you shift that risk
in your favor, the more you get paid.
And this also happens at the at the
employee W2 level. If you go in and say,
"Hey, uh, this job was advertised for
$100,000. Um, I'd be willing to do the
work for 60 if you give me an upside of
180. They're like, "Huh,
if these things occur, I would like to
get paid more." So, you can start
shifting your
terms
and taking on some of the risk, which
you can only do when you're good. So,
let's go to number five. Number five is,
drum roll please. What happens when all
you do
is buy and sell risk itself?
So, how does that actually happen in
practice? Right? Well, there's an entire
industry, one of the oldest industries
in all time, called insurance. And
what's beautiful about this particular
model is that when nothing happens, you
still get paid. And once the the nothing
has happened, that is now profit. Every
month that nothing happens, you still
get paid. And there is no delivery
besides the agreement that you take on
the risk. And so, what's interesting
about this is that this insurance
predates the tax code. Some of the
oldest companies in the world are
insurance companies. And I'll give you a
little razor that I use when I think
about building businesses is I look at
the companies that have been here the
longest. And when you see a company
that's been here 100 plus years, that
means that they've gone through World
War I, World War II, uh you know, advent
of the microwave, I of the television,
advent of social media, computers,
internet, and they've made it all the
way through. That means that they have a
way of taking
on risk well and being compensated for
it. And so no one is better at being
compensated for risk than the people who
buy and sell it. And so what's
interesting about this particular thing
is that uh insurance is a reverse
lottery. Is that everyone is paying for
a reverse ticket that if they get the
bad thing to happen, everyone else chips
in. Now what could be above that where
you literally just get paid to take on
risk? Well, all of these risks that
we've talked about are almost entirely
financial risk. But is there a risk that
society values more than financial risk?
The answer is yes and no. But the answer
in terms of money is an absolutely yes.
Which is what body takes on physical
risk?
The government. Because they have a
monopoly over violence. We wouldn't be
able to do any of these things if we did
not have borders and we did not have
troops to protect them, right? And so in
exchange for them carrying the biggest
risk of all, we as as contributors to
society pay our taxes. And so the taxes,
what's beautiful about this is that no
matter what,
you pay me.
When you're the tax collector, you get
paid no matter what. Now, obviously
they, uh, you have to make money in
order to get taxed, but for everyone who
does make any money, they got to pay
them, right? And so, uh, the reason
they're able to enforce this is because
they have a monopoly on violence. Uh, so
the same force they use to repel our
enemies, they also use to enforce their
laws. So, my team just asked me, how do
you move up this and take advantage of
some of the, you know, four, five, and
six levels, um, if you're a business
owner or even a solarreneur. So, number
one is royalties. The reason they were
called royalties is because they were
paid to the royals, which means it comes
off the top. And so whenever you're
trying to get paid, you want to go
higher up. You want to get paid no
matter what. You want to get paid first.
You want to pay get paid without uh
economics. So if you're doing a profit
share, it's way better to have a rev
share. Why? Because somebody can play
around with their profit. They can
overspend, but a rev share is the
revenue, right? Top line is topline. So
that's where royalties, licensing,
things like that can be very, very
valuable. Now, what what are we doing
there? It's basically um we if we set up
a deal like that, it means when X
happens, when you make this money, you
pay me. Period. So, we're further up the
count. What about this risk one? So, a
couple things. One is that you can sell
insurance without being an insurer. Now,
I want to be clear, follow the law, blah
blah blah, wherever your area is. But
you can absolutely sell a guarantee. You
can absolutely sell a warranty. These
are all things that are elements of
risk. If you look at um Apple, Apple
Care, I think is a gazillion dollar
insurance play where they just say,
"Yeah, yeah, like just in case your
screen cracks," which of course they say
we don't cover all of these other things
and then they just get paid the whole
time basically for air. And so you can
always inject these things into a
business no matter what type of business
you have. Obviously the physical things
like home services, things like that,
the warranties become more obvious. But
in a services business, not as in
building stuff, but doing stuff for
people, the risk that you're going to
take on is um if something goes wrong,
if something is delayed, uh if it if
it's more difficult than expected, these
are all things that you can choose to
take on for a premium. Now, finally, uh
no matter what you pay me, very tough to
have as a business. Um but if you if you
uh I would say the way to think about
this is control of the money flow. And
so if you move up the pyramid like a
franchiseor
typically will have an agreement where
they control the money. Now some
franchises structure differently. The
better franchises they get paid and then
remit payment the remainder to their
franchises. A different company a
business like that is like payment
processing. Payment processors always
get paid. Why? They control the money
flow, right? They you proc you know you
process your card, they take their slice
and then they remit payment. And so you
can still move your way up here. Now you
could make an argument when X happens as
in like uh when I process a payment this
occurs. But I think that as we're as
we're moving up this thing, it's like is
there a world where they don't get paid?
Not really. And so um this is how I
think about uh increasing leverage
within the business is just simply
shifting around where the risk sits. And
if there's risk that's on the table that
isn't accounted for that I'm comfortable
taking, I'll always want to take it on
because it's typically mispriced. people
will be willing to give you way more
money than you think the risk is really
worth because people are always afraid.
Jeff Baso said this and I love it. He
said humans overestimate the downside
and underestimate the upside. And if you
think about this from a tax perspective,
um Peter Lynch, who was one of the best
traders of all time, he had 30%
compounded returns for like 15 plus
years. Um he said when you think about
investing, he said a stock can only go
to zero. He said but it can go
infinitely high in the other direction.
And so if you buy it at $10, all you can
lose is 10 bucks. He said but it could
become $1,000. And so in thinking about
this is the part that people mispric
risk is that they count in number of
failures rather than the absolute
return. And so if you have and this is
also a Jeff Basis quote and notice that
there's a common theme among really good
entrepreneurs is that they understand
risk better than most people which
typically means that most people don't
take enough of it. The story that I
start my first book with
I'll read it to you because I think it's
awesome.
Who doesn't want to read, right?
Outsized returns come from betting
against conventional wisdom. And
conventional wisdom is usually right.
Given a 10% chance of a 100 times
payoff, you should take that bet every
time, but you're still going to be wrong
nine times out of 10. Now, we all know
if you swing for the fences, you're
going to strike out a lot, but you're
also going to hit some home runs. The
difference between baseball and
business, however, is that baseball has
a truncated outcome distribution. When
you swing, no matter how well you
connect with the ball, the most runs you
can get is four. In business, every once
in a while, when you step up to the
plate, you can score a thousand runs.
This longtail distribution of returns is
why it's important to be bold. Big
winners pay for so many experiments. We
take risk to get reward. Like, we have
to take risk in order to get reward. And
where you get best rewarded is where the
world perceives you to be taking on far
more risk than you really are, which you
only really have happen when you're
either lucky or you're
