You aren't making as much money as you
want because you don't know how to get
it from the people who've got it. My
name is Alex Ramoszi. I run a portfolio
of companies at acquisition.com that
joined us over $250 million per year. I
did a book launch 12 weeks ago that did
$16 million in sales. In a weekend, it
broke a Guinness World Record for the
fastest selling non-fiction book of all
time. In this video, I'm going to
explain a core shift in my understanding
of how getting money actually works and
why the rich do in fact get richer. And
I'm going to show you the math behind it
and most importantly, how you can gain
access to it. The first reason that you
aren't making as much as you want is
because you're selling to people who
don't have the money to give you. So,
think about it like this, and this is
really important. Imagine this pyramid
as a representation of earning in the
United States. What percentage of the
people do you think earn 40% of the
income,
the top 10%. Earn 40% of the income in
the entire US. Now that's income and
that's pretty extreme but it's not even
close to the difference when you look at
wealth. So US household net worth okay
this is the value of their assets
last year was
163
trillion and you're like man how am I
going to pay rent? I'm like let's get
some of that 163 trillion. So this is
going to blow your mind. So, I want you
to imagine that you had $100. Okay? So,
I'm going to equate this 163 trillion is
to now $100. Okay? And we're going to
spread it out
relative to how it actually is spread
within the United States. So, this is
100 people to represent 100 percentiles
in terms of net worth in the United
States. This $163 trillion, what would
they have if there was 100 people to
represent this $100?
They would have $2.50.
I'm just going to use bills cuz I don't
feel like I haven't changed. So $2 out
of that 100, the bottom 50. So the next
40%, what do you think they would have?
They're going to have 20, 25, 28 bucks.
That's the next 40. Remember, we got
$100 to distribute here. So the next 9%.
So now we're getting the top 10, the top
decile of net worth in the United
States. How much do you think they got?
They got 20. They got 30. They got 35.
at 38. All right, $38 in just this 9%.
Now, you ready for the the drum roll?
How much do you think the top 1% has?
I mean, it's one/tenth, right? So, like
it can't be more than the other nine,
right? I mean, you you'd think that
the top one, just the one guy
would have 30
$2.
One guy. Now, this means that this one
guy has more than the bottom 90%
combined.
This is very important because it has
implications for how you do business.
So, when you hear me say, "Sell to the
rich, they pay better," it's not some
piffy statement. It's reality. And it
takes people a very long time to learn
this. And people often take years before
they actually start to figure this out.
Usually, there's belief issues. They're
like, "No one else could do this." And
part of the reason is because everyone
they know is poor. And they're like,
"There's no way I could sell something
for that price." And so, they make stuff
against all the other small businesses
to compete for these $2. Think about
that for a second. You're putting all
the resources because you see all these
people. They're the ones that you're
brushing shoulders with. They're the
ones that you see in the street every
single day. And you're trying to compete
and slice these $2 a hundred different
ways, right?
If you want to make money, go where the
money is.
So, let's put this concept on steroids
now and actually apply this to doing
business. This is how big companies get
big. They go where the money's at. And
this is a breakdown of something called
PTO's principle. You might have heard of
it. 8020. It's one of the most powerful
concepts in business. And most people
still don't understand how to actually
apply it. All right? So, I want you to
freeze this idea in your head. Just look
at the money here. $2 here, 28 bucks
here, 38 here. Now, we're in the top
10%, right? And we have another 32 here.
So, I said earlier that this one guy is
more than the bottom 90. But 69% of all
the wealth is just in these 10 people.
If this doesn't change how you do
business, you are missing the plot. So
the idea of 8020 is that PTO who was
Italian economist realized that there
was this you know 20% of customers
created 80% of the revenue. Uh and he
just noticed this 8020 you know kind of
issue that continued to uh occur within
all different types of data sets. And so
that became his principle. Now here's
where this gets really interesting. So
within business it totally rings true
where 20% of your customers will be
responsible for 80% of your profits. And
then here's where people miss the next
point is that within this 80 within this
80%.
64%
of the aggregate profit right comes from
just 4%
of the there you go. Just do that of the
people in there. four customers if you
had 100. And then of this 64,
51% of the profit comes from just the
top 1%.
Now, doesn't that all of a sudden start
to make sense when you look at how the
wealth is distributed? That the wealth
is distributed in a way that also makes
sense that the business would gain its
profits in that way.
And so we repeat this process and this
is kind of power law within business.
This is how you do less and make more.
Profit takes into account the fact that
a single person even with more service
often doesn't cost that much more to
handle than the other 99. So it's more
work but significantly more profitable.
Now this is only true under one very
important condition that you actually
have a business model that allows them
to pay more. Right? If you just only
charge $10 for your thing, like this is
one of my favorite sayings is the only
thing worse than offering a $1,000 thing
to somebody who's got a $100 budget is
offering a $100 thing to somebody who's
got a $1,000 budget. In the first
scenario, you lose 100 bucks. In the
second, you lose 900. Big difference.
And so, here's the important thing. If
you have a model that allows for that,
you have to understand that 99 out of
100 people are not the top 1%. Right? If
we're pulling back here,
all these people are not the top 1%. So,
you should expect them to say no to your
expensive products and services. But
when that whale comes, you should want
to captain Ahab that and get it
done. Real quick, I'm going to show you
the exact 10stage road map from zero to
100 million plus that less than 1% of
companies finish. I've now done multiple
times. And so, I can say with a lot of
confidence that these are the stages as
headcount increases that you need to get
through. And I broke each of these down
by eight different functions of the
business, what the constraint feels
like, like what are the symptoms of it
when you're going through it, and then
what steps we actually took to graduate.
And we've done this across software,
physical products, uh, service
businesses, brickandmortar, all of this.
And it works. And it's my gift to you.
It's absolutely free. And so the link's
in the description, but you just go
acquisition.comroadmap.
Just enter your info and it'll spit it
right back to you. All free. And so the
reason that I talk about selling to
these the top 1% is that one of the most
effective ways to build a business is
from the top down. So what do I mean by
that? Like think about like Tesla,
right? We started with a $250,000
roadster and he had a very limited
production, very few people, more
profitability per. What then happens?
Well, then he was able to make the, you
know, Model S and that was the next car
and then he made the Model 3 or Model Y,
whatever. So he kept working his way
down. But what's interesting about this
is that when you anchor high, it makes
sense. Think about from a branding
narrative perspective. If I say, "Hey,
I've got this really expensive car. It's
amazing. It's super fast." And then I
say, "Hey guys, many of you couldn't
afford this, so I made another car
that's similar but more affordable for
you." That that brand narrative works
because you've anchored high. Now, think
about the reverse. Hey, I'm a I'm a
budget discounter and I'm going to now
sell a really expensive car. It doesn't
it doesn't hit the same, right? And so I
love the top down approach because you
have a brand reinforcer, but also from
an operational perspective, being able
to ship the amount of cars he has to
ship for the the Model 3 compared to the
amount that he had to do for the
Roadster, it made more sense to start
here because you can handle the volume,
right? You might not have the operations
to handle the amount of work that it
requires to serve the masses. Like for
sure there is money right at the bottom.
There is, but you have to be doing it at
very small razor than margins with
extraordinary volume. And unless you
have the capital to create something
that truly scales to that mass, you will
probably just end up trying to squeeze
the $2 for more than what what they're
worth. And so, how do we actually
translate this into pricing our products
and services? This is super important.
So, here's my rule of thumb for upsells,
taking into account that 20% of
customers have far more spending power
than the ones below. Now, remember, we
had $2 here and the next level had 28.
So it's like 14 times more wealth
between just the bottom 50 and the next
40. But just using the prito principle
in terms of how we can apply this to
pricing like you not understanding this
is why your business is not making as
much profit as you want. All right. So
my rule of thumb is that for every new
tier is that you want to 5 to 10x your
price
and expect 20% of people to take it.
Okay.
So, here's how it works. So, let's say
that you sell 10 customers. Okay. So,
you tell 10 customers. Let's do it
again.
Okay. Now, if you have eight of these
customers
at $10 per month
and you've got two of them at $50 per
month,
how much am I making on these guys? I'm
making $80 per month in total on the
bottom 80 and then I'm making $100 per
month on my top 20% or my top two. And
so by serving these two customers
differently, we doubled the revenue of
the business, which by the way again is
my rule of thumb. I want each tier to
bring me another double, like another
full amount of revenue. Otherwise, I'm
like, I don't know if it's worth
creating the actual extra constraint of
operations, right? But here's where it
gets even nastier. Let's say that this
covers the majority of our overhead.
That means that this extra $100 might
contribute 10 to one compared to this to
our bottom line. And so sometimes when
you make a move like this, if you were
here and you had $80 and you were living
your life on this 80, right? It's like,
well, maybe your your your cost is 70
and you're taking 10 home. If you add
this $100 in and maybe the cost on this
is 20, you've got 80 left over. We 5x
the profit. So let's say our profit
before this was 10 a month.
And then we added this in and we had $80
a month in profit from this 100, right?
Look at the difference in profit. We go
from 10
to 90
just by adding this tier. And so the
reason your business is not making as
money and you're not making as much
money as you want is because you're not
priced appropriately for the people who
actually have the money to give you. And
so to maximize revenue, you can think of
it with four tiers of pricing. And to be
clear, you don't need to serve everyone.
And the first product you have may not
be your base tier. All right? So you
might start here. I don't know yet. I
don't know your business. But this is
what you can walk through in terms of
thinking through the pricing for your
products and services. So let's assume
that we have a,000 customers. All right.
So on our on our our base tier, all
right, so this is the lowest
$10 per month. And let's say we've got
800 customers at this level. Okay. Now
our second tier, we might have it $100
per month. So 10 times that price with
20% taking it. All right. So that means
we're going to get somewhere in the
neighborhood of 200ish people who would
qualify for this tier. Okay? And then
next year we still have to follow our
rule 5 to 10x. So that means we're going
to be at 500 to a,000 a month for this
next year. Just to keep it simple, I'm
going just do 10x because it's nice and
clean. All right. And so here we're
going to have maybe
around 40. Now you're like, "Wait, I
thought we had a 1,000 customers." This
would be 160. I'll redo the math at the
end. You can see it. All right. Now, our
next tier might be again 5 to 10 times
this. And so, we might be somewhere in
this 5 to $10,000 a month. All right.
And so,
times around eight people. Okay. And so,
if you're looking at this, you're like,
"Holy cow, that's uh those are very big
differences in price." Yes. But so they
they reflect how different the spending
power that exists within customers is.
All right? And so the main takeaway from
this and is that if you're going to have
an upsell, a very small percentage of
people are going to take it. And so you
have to make it worth it. And so people
will have these I'll go 100 and 129.
It's like it's the same pitch. It's the
same price. The willingness to pay for
that customer is the same. Let me show
you how I've actually translated this
into my own business. All right. Well,
this and you can ignore the actual
numbers of customers, but what do we
have here? Ah, we have school. And then
at $100 a month, what else do we have?
We have school. This is our hobby plan.
This is our pro plan. And so for me, the
next number
is $5,000,
which is L1. And what's the next number
after that?
$35,000.
Huh. almost like it's between five to 10
times the price, which is L2. And then
what do we have after that? We have
something that's $135,000.
So that's four times the price, right?
And this is L3. And what do I have
underneath of that? No money because
it's a portfolio company.
And so the thing is is it may take some
time to build out this entire thing. I
didn't start with school. I started
building, you know, uh, you know, our
brand. Uh this is to be clear just our
advisory practice um that we have at
acquisition.com.
And so I'm just saying like knowing this
doesn't mean you need to do all of this
at once. It takes years and it does take
operational chops to pull this off,
right? You want to add tiers one at a
time. My tip though is to start as high
up as you can on this ladder for a few
reasons, right? So the Tesla example I
gave earlier, the branding from top down
versus bottom up is much stronger. Like
Honda making a better car is tough
versus Rollsroyce making a Rolls-Royce
light. it would be an easier play for
them from brand position. The next
reason is that I prefer to start with
the unscalable. Why? Because it's easier
to operationalize it serving these
people because one, they actually,
believe it or not, as a percentage of
net worth, this is actually lower than
what this is for somebody who's poor.
Right? If you have uh $10 million, uh a
hundred grand is 1% of what you've got.
If you've got $1,000,
a hundred bucks is 10% of what you got.
And so for you, you will actually be
more demanding for that 10 that 10% or
that $100 reasonably so than somebody
who's giving 1%. But from a business
perspective, the hundred bucks versus
the hundred grand, it's a gigantic
difference. So you have an easier
customer to deal with that has lower
demandingness, but it requires, and to
be clear, to get that $100 to equal
100,000 is you got to get a,000 of those
people. So is serving the one customer
for 100,000 easier than serving a,000 at
100 as somebody who used to sell $100
gym memberships? for sure. And if we
were to look at this from a profit
contribution perspective, like what is
actually dropping to the bottom line, it
would look like this.
All the profit is here just like all the
wealth is at the top.
So you have to do more and charge more
for it to people who can afford it. And
the amount you do for a few people is
almost always worth it for the far
greater price for those people who are
willing to pay it. Now, you might ask,
"Well, wait a second. I thought you said
sell the rich." Like, why do you have
this $10 and this $100 a month thing?
The only way to serve the poor masses,
right? And I say this to be a little bit
more like, you know, jarring, but to to
to serve people with lower budgets is to
have tons of money and then find a way
to serve them in an automated manner at
a low price. And if you do that, you can
also make a lot of money, but via
volume. But it takes a lot of money. It
takes a lot of time. And the reason that
Tesla has almost gone bankrupt multiple
times is because it's incredibly hard.
The reason most software companies like
Netflix and Spotify and some of these
big consumer, you know, companies, uh,
you know, who who charge $13 to give
you, think about how hard that is. Think
about how hard that business is. You
they have to make worldclass
entertainment for all the different
genres that someone might like just to
earn their $13,
right? Just to earn the equivalent of
like a Chipotle bowl. And I I again I
bring this up because some people come
in saying, "Oh, I'm going to do that."
It's like, "You're going to do that
bootstrapped." No, these companies that
you're looking to model literally got
artificially inflated with outside
capital to prop the business up until it
would get to the point where it actually
could make money. So to do something
like this cost a fortune. And so the the
way that I'm trying to walk you through
this is that 80% of businesses in the US
or 78 are service-based businesses. And
so you don't have an automated way to
serve these masses. you likely don't.
And so if you don't have an automated
way, then you want to go in the complete
other direction, which is I want to
serve the best customer at the highest
possible price. But people mispric their
products and services. They say, "Okay,
I'm, you know, my current core thing is
$1,000. I'll make the next thing, 1500."
It doesn't work that way. That's not how
the buyer works. The buyer is at 5K, 10K
from the 1K thing. That's the next tier.
That's the next rung on the ladder. All
right? And so this hopefully should
shift your perspective in terms of how
pricing really works. A disproportionate
amount of profit is here. We have to
make gigantic jumps with the assumption
that very small percentages are going to
take it but still be okay with it
because even a small number of people at
a gigantic price is still a lot of
money. So how do you actually translate
this and put this into practice? Number
one, stop selling from your own wallet.
Especially if you're one of the people
who, you know, you're in that in that $2
category, right? You're that bottom 50%
right now. I get it. I've been there.
You have to forever imagine, this is a
gift, forever imagine that everyone is
rich. So, here's the reality that will
shock you. That top 10% top 10% of
Americans have a million dollar plus net
worth. One in 10 people, one in 10
people, million dollar net worth.
They've got the money. You just aren't
selling them something that they want.
And you might even be, and this happens
a lot, especially for newer business
owners, you might even be too cheap for
them to even believe that you're good.
like we had a company that uh that was
in the health space a while back and
looking at all the research it was a
doctor and all this stuff and I just
fundamentally believed that they were
mispriced and so what I did was I raised
I wanted to raise the price by double
you fought me back and forth forever and
I I was able to finally get a 50% price
raise through but guess what happened we
raised the price by 50%. That's a lot.
What do you think it did to the close
rates? They went up. They were so cheap
compared to the promise and what they
were delivering that people didn't even
believe that it worked. And so some of
you guys are so cheap because you're
selling out of your own wallet. You're
selling based on what your friends and
family who might also be in that $2
bottom 50% uh are telling you. But the
why would you listen to the people who
don't have money on how to get money?
They don't know where it is. They don't
know how to get it. And more
specifically, they don't know how to
serve the people who've got it. So
that's the first thing. The second thing
is that if you're going to do this,
listen to me on this. Whatever your
upsell is, 5 to 10x the price and then
just make sure it's something that you'd
be happy to deliver for 5 to 10 times
the price. Sometimes I'll get push back
from people who are like, h that would
that would be so much work. And I'm
like, cool, we have value and we have
price. Move one of them. Either do less
or charge more. I would encourage you to
just charge more. Right? Right? And so
if I were to say, "Hey, I want you to 10
times the current price of your upsell."
What would you do that would absolutely
blow people away? How much does that
actually cost you? When you look at the
cost compared to that 10 times bigger
price with a zero on the end of whatever
your core offer is, you might find it's
like actually it's only like, you know,
5% of that price, it's like, right,
really high margin.
So as long as you're happy making more
money, serving fewer people, go do that.
The third one is that you should expect
only one in five or one in 10 people to
say yes. Expect more nos. And this is
the sweet spot of making money, right?
The sweet spot isn't the most yeses.
It's the most money. And that is never
with the most yeses. So if you pitch
your 10 times bigger price to this
bottom 50%, none of them are going to
say yes. And you're going to mistakenly
believe that this is a bad idea. But the
reality is that you're just not talking
to the people who have the money. And so
you should expect that if you have
representative amount of people that you
speak with, one in 10, maybe even one in
a 100red is the is the person who is the
correct avatar. And for that person, you
might also find they'll just say like,
"Yeah, that sounds good." And you'll be
like, "Oh my god." And I only say this
to somebody who's had it happen for the
first time. You're like, "I can't even
believe this is possible. I can't
believe this person would give me this
much money." It's cuz to them, it's not
that much money. It's only that much
money to you because you still live
here.
If you sell to rich people long enough,
they will make you one of them.
And so with your upsell, make it crazy.
And this is called an anchor for a
reason, right? If no one buys it, no big
deal. Or most don't, no big deal. But
the good news is that it'll still help
you sell the rest of everyone else at a
higher percentage and even at a higher
rate because it'll look like a good deal
in comparison.
And I said this before, but I'll say
this again.
The next reason is the only thing worse
than selling a $1,000 thing to a $100
buyer is selling a $100 thing to a
$1,000 buyer. In the first, you lose a
hundred bucks. In the second, you lose
900. And not only that, that 900 is
probably disproportionately profit. And
this is what no one understands. This is
why most businesses don't make money.
They just try and sell to these people
who are the biggest pain in the butt.
And the thing is is you see so many of
them that you're like, "Oh, this must be
how it works." No, it's not how it
works. It's just how you're working.
This is how the average business works,
which why the average business doesn't
make money. They don't go to where the
money's at. The next reason is you have
to think about absolute profit rather
than relative profit. And you'll be
blown away. So a single person paying
$10,000 for something that costs $2,000.
A single person, right? one, right?
Buying a $10,000 thing that cost $2,000
is the same
as 400 people
buying a $50 thing that costs $25.
These are the same.
So, do not underestimate the power of
large prices in small quantities. And so
the reason that entrepreneurship is such
almost like a spiritual journey is that
you you earn the right to charge more
because you no longer think the smaller
amount of money is worth their time.
There are beliefs that people who have
money have which translate to behaviors
that poor people don't have and
translate to different behaviors. So
what does that mean?
A rich kid will choose not to pursue a
lower leverage opportunity because it's
not worth their time because they were
taught it wasn't worth their time. The
career paths that they'll have to choose
from will be significantly skewed
towards things where they'll get
disproportionate returns. And a lot of
that is just knowledge about it, not
even knowledge how to do it. I remember
when I first found out, I had never
heard of management consulting. I had
never heard of private equity. I had
never heard of investment banking. I
never heard of any of this stuff when I
went to college because where I was from
in Baltimore, a rich person was a
doctor. That was a rich person. And so,
and to be fair, my dad's a doctor. So, I
felt I was like, "Okay, cool." When I
went to Vanderbilt, I felt like one of
the poorest people there because I had
never seen what New York money was. I
had never seen what California money
was. I had seen what Baltimore rich was,
which is that you have, you know, my dad
has a business with two secretaries and,
you know, we always had food. I never
had to worry about it. I still have the
immigrant mentality of like we don't
use, you know, paper towels cuz they're
expensive. But like that's just cuz he
came here with a thousand bucks. I that
still got transmitted in some ways. You
almost have to you almost have to bat
above you have to hit above your weight
class, right? Which is even though it
sounds un like and in the story of when
I actually made my first high ticket
sale in my life was when I I actually
said a number that I wanted the person
to say no to and then they said yes.
That was how that actually that belief
was broken for me. So, as much as I want
to say like this is what you have to do.
I'm this guy, you know, guy on YouTube
that you just saw or whatever, like
Leila and I were selling uh we we
started doing these gym launches. We
would sell memberships through gyms. We
would collect the money. Um and that was
the model. We'd fly around the country.
That's what we did. Um there were some
issues with that model, which I've
talked about in other videos. And so
then all of a sudden, uh Leila started
selling weight loss directly. Made a
little brand for her called Queen
Transformation. we started selling these
$500 online training packages um over
the phone and that started working and
so I had these gyms that I was supposed
to do these launches at that I had
decided I wasn't going to do them
anymore and so I had eight gyms I was
supposed to call up and like basically
cancel on them and so um on the first
phone call the guy was actually a
referral and he was like dude you saved
my my friend's gym like I know you can
do this and I I was so beat down at this
point I was like dude I'm not f like I'm
not doing it and he kept asking for it
and then finally I was like all right
dude like I'll show you what I do. Um,
but I'm not flying out there to help you
if you can't close. And mind you, I come
from the done for you world of like I
literally did everything. I fronted the
money. I fronted the cash. I built I'd
literally buy the tables. I'd print the
the contracts out. I'd run the ads. We'd
work the leads and we'd sell them
straight in the gym. So, I did
everything. So, me saying that was just
a hope that he would just like say screw
off. And he was like, "No, I get it. I
get it." And he was like, "Well, how
much?" And so, I said, and remember, I'm
used to selling $500 16-week training
packages where you have to show up like
every, you know, three times a week to
do stuff. I said $6,000. So for me it
was a 12x compared to the price that I
was used to selling at. And I just said
it. So I was like, he's just going to
say nope. And then I can just hang up
and just move on to my next call. And he
said 6K. And I was like, yeah, $6,000.
And he was like, done. And I I remember
like floating out of my body in this
moment being like, "Holy six grand
from one call." And I didn't I didn't
even have the thing. I didn't even have
the thing that I had sold him yet cuz I
just didn't think he was going to say
yes. I didn't think to have to build it,
right? And so I was like, "Holy shit."
And so then the next So I had seven more
calls. I called the next guy. Same
conversation. Well, I was like, "Now I
got to build this thing." But it went
really smooth. And I was like, "Uh, he
was like, "How much?" I was like, "Eight
grand." He was like, "Yeah, done." And I
was like, "8 grand?" I was like, "I'm up
$14,000 in a I'm not even in a day. It's
in a morning." So then I had six more
calls. And by the end of the, you know,
the next call, same thing. How much?
10K. Next call. And by the end of the
day, I done $60,000
in in collected. And I was like, "What
the just happened?" I had no idea
what was going on. Uh, and so Ila came
back after she was selling the $500
memberships and I was like, "Babe," I
was like, "I just made 60 grand." And
she was like, "What?"
She's like, "I she was like, I thought
we were doing the weight loss thing." I
was like, "No, I think we're still doing
the gym thing. I think we were just
doing it wrong." And this is why I'm
telling you this, cuz like that moment
of all the moments in my entire career,
that was the moment where I elevated.
That was the moment where my life really
changed. And so I bring this up because
you might be like, well, what at what
price point should I start? Right? It's
going to be relative whether you're
selling to consumers, you're selling to
businesses. And I, these are just a
couple rules of thumb that I'll just
tell you that I've kind of worked
around. I'd say that for um for a
consumer, an impulse purchase is $500 or
$600. A higher ticket purchase is
usually going to be somewhere between
$300 and $10,000. All right? Typically,
and that's again for services. If you're
looking at like assets, it's a different
game. You're buying houses and cars, a
different game, right? But if you're
selling just like pure, I'm going to
help you do some stuff. I'm going to
help fix some stuff. That's usually a
price one that's quote higher ticket.
Business, it really depends on the size
business. If you're selling to Disney,
you can sell a billion dollar thing,
right? If you're selling to just small
business owner on Main Street, remember
some of them are poor too, right? And so
for them though, um you a more normal
price for something will probably be
somewhere in the neighborhood of like
I'd say like a mid-tier is probably, you
know, $200 to $3,000 a month. A cheaper
price for a business owner would be
somewhere in the neighborhood of like
400 to 800 a month. Um maybe maybe just
call call it closer to 500 bucks a month
um as like a a cheaper number for a
business. And you're like $500 a month
is cheap for a business. It's like yeah
super expensive for a consumer, pretty
cheap for a business, right? One of the
big issues I would say that poor people
think about compared to rich people is
that poor people will think in terms of
cost and I would say rich people will
think in terms of the ratio the return
cost versus value. So if I were to say
hey I've got this thing that's let's say
it's let's say it's $20,000. A poor
person just hearing the price would say
that's expensive. But if I said a rich
person, if I said, "Hey, my thing is
$20,000." They wouldn't then say,
"That's expensive." They would say, "For
what?" And if I said, "Uh,
share a class A share of Berkshire
Hathway, which is an $800,000 stock for
$20,000, that would be the deal of the
century." Right? If I said it was
$20,000 for a brand new Lamborghini,
they would say that's a great deal. So
even though it costs a lot of money,
it's great value. And this is what I
did. I struggled for such a long time to
understand because it was like I almost
had this emotional reaction to zeros.
It's like if I saw zeros I was like, "Oh
my god, so much, right?" And and so I
know where you're coming from because
you almost want to you almost choke on
the price. So I'll give you a couple
little tactics for this to like get
around it. So one is if you're in
person, you can write down the price and
then turn it and slide it to them. Uh or
you can use a calculator and turn it to
them if you like literally choke on the
price because some people do do that.
Um, the second thing that you can do,
and this is a really good little little
pricing hack for for selling, is before
you say the price, you say, "Hey, before
I tell you the price, it's super
expensive." And so, what's beautiful
about telling someone it's expensive,
before you tell them the price, is that
if someone's rich, they're going to
immediately think what's expensive for
them. And so, they're going to think a
number, and then you're going to say the
number, and they're going to they're
going to literally be like, "Ah, fine."
If they're poor and you say it's
expensive, they're going to brace
themselves for a number that's big. And
then when you give them that number,
they were at least braced for it. And so
in either way, you actually create what
I would consider an emotional anchor
that's perfectly accommodating to the
buying power of the prospect. And most
sales people get choked up right at that
point. So it's like give yourself a
breather. It's going to be expensive.
You take a breath, they take a breath,
then you deliver. Right? So just a
little tactic that works and also can
help uh increase sales. So, a good way
to know if you're actually underpriced
is to actually look at your close rates.
All right? And so, if your close rates
are 80% or let's say 60 to 80, I'll put
this in tiers for you. Um,
50 to 60,
40 to 50, and then 30 to 40, and then
30.
Okay? So, let's say these are your close
rates.
So that means if you talk to 10 people
here, you close eight, right? If you're
closing 80%. You probably right now have
it a 2 to 3x in pricing. Sorry, a 3 to
4x in pricing. Excuse me. A 3 to 4x in
pricing just sitting there. I know that
sounds absurd, but think about it.
You're going to get the 80% are not
going to say yes anymore. I want to be
very clear. You might drop to like 35%.
But if 35% of people are paying four
times more, you're making 120% of the
revenue that you were making before. All
right? And so like you're making way
more money. Now at 60 to 80, you
probably have a 2 to 3x that you have
sitting there in price. If you're
between 50 and 60, you probably have a
1.5x to 2x sitting there. If you're at
40 to 50%, you're probably at 1.25 to
1.5x. All right. If you're here, I
consider this to be appropriately
priced. If you're closing 30 to 40%,
you're priced about right. If you're
below 30, I would say get better at
selling,
which part of getting better at selling
can be make the offer better or talk to
better customers. All right? And so
sometimes you will try and pitch a high
ticket thing but not have your core
offer which might be lower. So you have
an anchor offer um but the people that
you're speaking with, you didn't qualify
them. So, if I want to say, "Hey, I'm
talking to million-dollar plus business
owners." I will have a significantly
higher close rate if I'm only talking to
them. So, all of what I described is
something called lead scoring or lead
qualification. And so, what that means
is that there's a certain type of
customer that's more likely to buy your
thing, right? Somebody who has more
money is more likely to buy your more
expensive thing. And so, if we know that
the people who have the money are the
ones that buy our expensive thing, then
we should try and just tell the world we
only cater to these people. Now, the
next thing that will come up is people
will say, "Hey, um, I would sell for a
really expensive thing, but no one will
buy it because there's guys down the
street who will sell it for less because
they're brokies selling to brokies."
You're right.
And that's because you can't sell the
same thing. You got to sell something
different, which is why I wrote my first
book on this, which is the first chapter
is you're selling a commodity. you're
selling something that someone could
reasonably hold your thing and their
thing up and say these two things are
the same so I'll chip pick the cheaper
one and that's reasonable for them to do
it the idea is that we want to price our
thing so high and be in such a clearly
different category that people say these
two things must be different I have to
analyze these independently and so
within the context of what do I get for
my money the rich person wants three
things they want it to be fast they want
it to be easy and they want it to be
guaranteed
and so everything that you do that is
more difficult for these people. You
have to make easier and these people
will be willing to pay for it. And so
you pre-do some of that work for them.
You pre-choose some of the food. You go
ahead of time. You drive ahead. You
scout the location. You drive it to the
door. Whatever it is. But when you look
at, well, what does it cost for me to
drive this thing to the door? It cost me
10 bucks, but they're willing to pay a
hundred for it. Whereas this person is
nagging me on the last five bucks. It's
a different game. But this is where all
the money's at. The reality of how
services work is that you can tell how
advanced a service business owner is by
how expensive their product is. Because
if you're actually good, you have more
demand than you have supply. If you have
more demand than you have supply, what
should you do? Raise price. That's how
the supply demand curve works. And so
you continue to raise your price until
you're at a point where you're at
equilibrium where like you can handle
the amount of demand that you have. If
you're still good, you still get more
demand because word of mouth continues
and you keep going up. And that becomes
the virtual virtuous cycle of price and
services. Because when you have a higher
price, you have higher gross margins.
When you have higher gross margins, you
can hire better talent. When you have
better talent, you can deliver better
services. When you have better service,
you get better reputation. When you have
better reputation, what does that do?
Drives demand, which then drives price.
And so, this is the cycle that every
business has to go through. And you
signal to the marketplace. You
communicate to the marketplace. Pricing
is a two-way communication. You tell
them what you're about, and then they
will self- select as the correct
customers for you.
And so you can see where someone's at in
their business journey by how high they
are priced compared to people who sell
comparable services because people will
very much take price as an indication of
value.
They just do because in general things
that are priced higher are better. Not
always, but often. It's a good enough
rule of thumb that people in general
will do that. You've like this might
blow your mind if you've like not met
people with money. When they go to shop
at a store, they price from high to low.
They literally look at the most
expensive stuff first because that's
probably the stuff that's for them.
They don't want to save money anymore.
They want to get better value. They want
better stuff. They want to skip the
line. They want to get it faster. They
want it better. They want it to be a
higher quality, you know, higher quality
ingredients. They want it to be more
made by somebody who's more noteworthy.
All of these things. And fundamentally,
that is what this book goes into
tremendous detail talking about, which
is the offers book. All right.
So, with that being said, sell to the
rich. They pay better. It's better to
sell fewer expensive customers than many
broke customers.
And if you sell to rich people for long
enough, they will make you one of
