not gonna lie to you guys premiere pro was my love child for
a very long time i do love it the only annoying thing is the
pricing you do have to pay a subscription model so remember
before we got the clip you drag it onto the timeline and the
only thing is here is the timeline looks slightly different
and here you can see all the changes you need to make it
here and this although it can look complex you slide across
here you got scale zoom everything i'm pretty sure there is
a set to frame size boom does that automatically there are
so many cool things you could do here just by right clicking
you can sync the audio you do scene edit detection which
automatically chops everything we're ready coming from cap
cut you can see this is a lot more complex so this is very
much like a professional production again we go a slightly
different one i think it's command k so i would drag the
playhead get to here command k delete this is a kind of new
tonic command k come across delete it's actually probably a
bit quicker i'm a lot quicker in premiere than i'm at cap
card say that for you and then we can delete these gaps
right now oh actually this thing let's say i've deleted a
bit which i need which i can i can click here drag it out i
can actually see a preview of it and come across and then to
spread it i can do this boom boom i can bring this across
and get the same this is a kind of new tonic and this time
if we want to get rid of this audio thing we can turn the
audio down or we can unlink so that these clips are no
longer in a relationship with each other and actually then
what i can do is i can end up linking these but again let me
get that same visual this is a can of new tonic cool there
we go boom boom i can highlight all of these bits get out of
there now if you do keep the gaps between it you just
highlight everything and there's a closed gap feature don't
stick some more together so usually i would chop everything
then i close gaps at the into the production this is a can
of new tonic for any of you watching this even though you're
learning about everything so the funny thing here is you
might notice that there was a little bit of a gap here so
i'm going to teach something called a j-cut so you can
actually overlay these just a tiny bit you see that i'm not
really getting the level that i want so i might have to zoom
in just a tad by scrolling these ones like this lovely and
bring this one across here i should probably go like this so
now watch this this is a can of new tonic for any of you
watching this even though you're learning about editing i
would love you to try so you can kind of overlay the clips
to get a bit of a snappier edit but we've already seen this
i've already walked you through this so i might as well walk
you through a video that i made last year you can see all of
the cuts are in here together so i'll just show you the
beginning if you were to trip up two and a half thousand us
dollars in your house that you had laying around you could
get one of these a mattress cover two and a half thousand
dollars when i first heard about this brand and the mattress
covers they did i thought that could be worth it if it was
finishing me off in the morning but cool a lot of fun see
everything here then you actually see that i'm jumping
between different scenes want to be warmer than women there
are two things that i'm concerned about with this cool and
this was using the dji pocket osmo where you at so it's a
pretty straightforward edit it pumps a bit of water there's
you know the a story there a i want it to work but i also
want to send it for free and ultimately it's now this thing
here is just a bit of text i put in 33 us dollars i said
same money not only then here we can start to see that i'm
overlaying clips so i can't remember what this is what was
interesting as i woke up to a very good so that is a
screenshot that i've overlaid as an image so that image if i
move out you can just see it's just a screenshot and then
what i've done is i've just positioned it by dragging the
sliding scale up here i'm just positioning it where i want
it good sleep score says i got a good night's sleep that's
the screen recording i'm corrected time slept seven death
rate the mattress was cool so what i did was uh when i was
recording i told the camera when i was recording so that
these two tracks move synchronistically i can also go
through and that's the screenshot change what periods of the
night now this green thing here you're probably wondering
what's that it's audio it's an audio check it's very
professional the app was that was decent actually so what i
did was i I literally plugged in a microphone to the
computer and just did a voiceover on this. If you watch a
lot of YouTube videos, they do use quite a lot of
voiceovers. Okay, cool. So this track here is music. Are you
ready? It's measuring my heart rate data and it could
potentially ruin my day the next day. And I've just got to
be honest, I don't like it. I love it. These boxes are empty
because it's still on my bed at home. I wanted to hate it.
I've got mixed emotions right now because one, yeah, I'm
going to regulate my temperature. But two, I'm down two and
a half thousand US dollars. I've ruined my own life through
doing this video. That's going to be a cost that's going to
linger with me forever. Oh, here's a bonus. Got a licked,
mate. If you want to get licked, go licked, L-I-C-K-D. That
means you can still get monetized on your video as long as
you pay the piper for it.
Boom, the end. Just a straight, pretty straightforward
timeline. You see some of these timelines online with stuff
everywhere. It doesn't need to be that complicated. It
really doesn't. This is so basic, I know. But it is just a
timeline. And this is the best bit of advice I can give you.
Every time you're not sure, how do I blur something in
Premiere Pro? Join my course so I can teach you how to go to
ChatGPT and do it. I already know how we do it. We go for a
Gaussian blur. So let's say we had some of the overlay. So
let's say here, for whatever reason, we wanted to blur.
Here, if I put in gauze, here we go, Gaussian blur. I could
just drag that onto, let's say, the footage of me. 58, it'd
be interesting, then here, you'll see, we've got Gaussian
blurriness. I could just dial that bad boy up. So let's say
for whatever reason, you want it to blur. Seven hours, 58.
It'd be interesting. Obviously, this is the first night that
I've used this to see how this, you can just lay effects
over things. And there are loads of effects. We can also put
effects on the audio. That's really the levels that you need
to start in Premiere Pro. Then over time, as things emerge
through your creations on social media and you go, oh,
there's something I need to do. You learn it bit by bit.
It's like a. Speaking a foreign language. You, you learn
words and then before you know it, you're fluent.
