I'm sure by now the majority of you know pretty much all the
things you need to know about Instagram but in this I'm
going to go over all the things I need you to know within
the mentorship. Now the first thing we're going to talk
about is chatbots using ManyChat and how we can utilize
stories and posts to get people further down our funnel
because that's what we're really using social media for.
Instagram and all the other social media platforms are about
getting people to take that next step often to get their
data. For instance I've done a post that I posted maybe 20
-30 minutes ago and the whole reason for this is to get
people to comment and as you'll notice everyone on here is
commenting which is then giving me permission to send them
automations which is going to send them to TikTok shop where
they're going to get a discount on our product. Now golden
rules when we do create links on our stories we are sending
people away from Instagram social media so we must realize
we're probably going to get penalized for it in some way
because if Instagram goes right for every 100 people that
watch the story 50 of them leave it's not great for
Instagram but then also Instagram doesn't want to penalize
people for it. So people too heavily or they will never
interact and use the stories or create content they'll go to
a different platform. One thing I've learned is rather than
putting a link on your story if you can get a prompt on your
story telling them to DM you or to reply to the story we can
then set up a chat bot automation. Now I know we've covered
this off before but we're just going to go through it very
quickly. When we create an automation and you can do this
from your app there's a ManyChat app when we're looking at
this trigger we can decide whether or not the user sends us
a message replies to the story or comments on a post. If
they comment on a story we can only send a single message
back. But if they send a message or reply to the story which
works the same as a message we get a lot more steps in being
able to have a conversation with that person. So 100% if
you're going to use your stories you are going to get a lot
more versatility from that. What's crazy is that some people
on Instagram at the moment are giving people the prompts
like DM me the word whatever and there is no automation set
up. You want to make sure that if someone does this in the
middle of the night that they're still going to get a
response even if you're asleep. We need to appreciate as
well that when we go to post on Instagram there are four
options. Post, story, reel, live. A post and a reel are
different. A reel can only go to about three minutes and a
reel will go on to the explore feed that will get shown to a
cold audience. Often with posts we don't get that luxury. A
carousel works as a post but if we have music to it it can
end up on the explore page. If you make a video that's over
three minutes and you have to post it as a post that's fine
but we just want to make sure that we don't make it a too
frequent habit because it may make it harder for people to
discover our content. But also keep in mind sometimes we do
like to do posts and carousel posts and picture posts not to
get discovered but to help nurture the audience we already
have. So think reels, cold audience, getting over people,
getting new business. Let's look at posts whether carousel
or pictures as a way to get our brand across to people, our
own personal story and to pretty much get them to know us a
little bit better which is going to contribute to them
potentially doing business with us. Now we have traditional
reels, we also have trial reels. I haven't seen that much of
a benefit from trial reels but imagine this. Let's say you
post a reel and you're watching it back and two hours later
you think oh maybe I could have cut off that first 10
seconds. Go into your CapCut or whatever editor, cut off the
10 seconds then post the other version of it as a trial
reel. Then you can see whether or not one performs better
than the other. Obviously the first version will often
perform better because it's got your audience to push it but
let's play around with those. Or you could do two trial
reels of different ways that you could format it. There are
some reels where people do some acting or some b-roll and
then get people to read the caption. I hate that, I hate
that, I hate that. Talk to people. I didn't win you over to
get into this course by me going I'm reading the caption, I
did it by speaking to you. Please just be a normal human
being. Now one of the biggest gripes I have with people on
Instagram is when they add music. Now adding music is an
amazing part of making a real pop but if they're speaking, 1
% is sometimes already perfect amount. Anything above that.
The amount of you that post content and I go to listen to
it, I put my headphones on, I can't hear what you're saying
because you've added music. If that music is just a little
bit too loud, you're giving people a reason to leave,
they're gone, boom, game over. If your music is too quiet,
not a problem, not a problem. If you are ever going to edge
on the side of caution, if there is even an inkling, a 1%
chance that music is going to make it harder for people to
understand what you're saying, no music. You'll notice the
majority of my reels do not have music. Carousels, up to 20
posts now, tell a story. Make sure the first picture is a
hook. Write a hook, have the most engaging photo there
because if you can't get someone in the first two photos,
they're not going to look at it. Carousels are great for
nurturing your existing audience, not so much building a new
one. Great for implementing chatbots, many chat, don't
forget that. If you collab a carousel or collab a post with
a chatbot, it will not work. I do not believe that chatbots
are working on collabed posts, that could have changed. Some
of you are probably thinking about having a brand, or a
personal page. If you can merge the two of these, the
better. There are some exceptions to the rule, but you
really just want to have one page that you focus on. I know
that I've got my James Smith page, then my business page,
then I've got my online coaching page, but the majority of
it, majority of business comes from just the one page. My PT
page has got nearly 100,000 followers and I'm not sure it
really brings in that much business at all. Now, when it
comes to making a profile picture, there is a website called
PFPMaker. Now here, very simply, you upload a profile
picture of yourself, any of the people you see online, like
me, Chris Williamson, or anyone that's got these nice colors
behind it, they came to this website. That is pfpmaker.com.
Now with your bios, say what you do, keep it simple. If
there's way too much in there, just delete something. Better
off having too little and too much. Some kind of call to
action, send them to a squeeze page or send them to a
landing page. I don't think having several links at one is a
good thing. I don't think link trees are a pretty good
thing. I think pick something you'd like people to go to and
put that as the link. Keep in mind, we're going to work with
different kinds of ways to get people to click on that. But
if someone was just perusing, maybe have your link trees,
lead magnet, or really, if you have a viral reel that kicks
off in the middle of the night, you would rather you email
this crew than loads of people go to your landing page and
never come back. But that link and bio, just have a good
domain. If you haven't got a good domain, shorten it, use a
bit.ly, B-I-T dot L-Y. I don't think sending people to a
link and a bio is that effective. I think that chatbots,
although a year ago I would have said differently, are a way
better way of doing it. When it comes to pinned posts, I
would just put three of your best posts there. Some people
say it has to be client transformations. I don't think
that's the case. Pick three things you like, put them there.
Again, pinned posts probably get way too much attention from
business again, those highlight posts, the little stories
that you can be like, work with me, blah, blah, blah. I
don't think they really are that impactful as people think.
I think you should always have your reels, everything pushed
to threads and pushed to Facebook. For some of you, Facebook
was where you're going to get the majority of views.
Threads, I've not really got an opinion on just yet, but I
think why would you make a piece of content and not just
push it to there anyway? Now, one thing that I could
probably butt heads with a lot of people on is I don't think
you need well curated thumbnails for your posts. I think
you're wasting time. I think the majority of people are
going to find you through. Not through looking through your
page. Don't waste your time there. Make it look neat. I've
seen some people that try and have the same thumbnail on
everyone. In YouTube, we make a decision whether we're going
to watch something based on the packaging. On Instagram,
it's just not the same. So don't waste your time making a
nice, neat, curated thumbnail for every single Instagram
reel. It's a waste of time. Now, one gripe I will have for
Instagram for any of you, some of you start your reels with
a title and captions. People can't read a caption and a
title at the same time. And if they are trying to read both
of those, they're not listening to your hook. Hook and
captions be the hook. If you have the right start to a reel,
you don't need a title because in your hook, they get to
understand what's coming. Instagram is still an amazing
platform. I don't think you should buy the blue tick until
you've maybe got 10,000 followers because everyone knows you
just bought it. Over 10,000, they might think, I don't know,
that you got allocated it. They're the main golden rules
that come to my head. If there are any others you think are
important or anything you want to know, just ask me in the
Discord.
