now if there was a platform that i'm rubbish at it would be
x or twitter you know hello cool i don't know that much
about growing on here to be honest but i'm still using it
every now and then but let's look into some of the things
that we can potentially do on this platform to make our life
easier so first of all we're going to go look at one of my
top performing videos cool we can click on it you don't have
to well quiet mate i might go here who's that liam pain i
didn't mention him okay we can then go to the transcripts
it's what most people are doing by the way ripping off
transcripts cool save that where's my uncle uncle chat gpt
let's go new here is a transcript from one of my rather good
performing videos are there any things in here i don't know
that may make a good x thread if so can you make me a thread
and i'll pop it across cheers oh yeah there you go
transcript might help all right here we go uncle's made me
some pretty cool stuff here cool and now let's proof it
maybe i don't agree with that okay might have to delete some
of these little line breaks making it look a little bit
crazy really has used the word myself came really don't have
one million cash but my purpose is for the numbers for the
business cool here we go okay now let's have a little look
again you've been lied to by youtube thumbnails twitter bros
let's go youtube gurus twitter bros and podcast guests with
private chats these were actually matters from someone who's
made millions and felt nothing oh i quite like that actually
forgot to make millions really screwed because that goal is
built on a lie a lie told by the only people who made it the
survivors world war ii engineers wanted to have more armor
do you know what let's make this better who was this person
william something i believe abraham wall lovely love your
work thank you yeah let's change this spelling of armor or
more every everyone online talking about how they made their
first million they're the returning planes not hearing from
the 999 others that didn't make it millionaire is useless
word anyway most proclaim self millionaires don't have a
million in cash they're one and low profit businesses
inflate valuations are bigger for none when they hit the
number anyway ask yourself what does the million actually
mean here's a better definition of making it here's the
catch you'll never find that system you're chasing pleasure
instead of happiness well this is a little bit i can go you
don't need to be rich to be free don't for our way to feel
successful we just need objective steady ones gamers
understand it's better than video games here we clear
objectives life doesn't so we drift marketing is a game
contents game emails email marketing sales is a game once
you realize this it becomes fun again stop chasing being a
millionaire start chasing a well-run routine and why fetch
one because the people not actually just love it they're
better than you and they're Chasing millions, ironically,
they're the ones who end up making them. Cool. Stuff like
that goes well, goes hard. Then I wonder if, and you make me
some tweets, short ones from what I said in the video. Let's
see. Has it got any stuff here? Oh, this actually could be
quite fun. So we've got this one. Making millions is a goal.
How many system works is? Most people don't want to be rich.
They just want to do what they want on a Tuesday. I don't
know if I said that. Cool. They've got some good ones here.
Let's have a look. Look, video games give you objectives.
Life doesn't. That's why people win in GTA but lose in real
life. Oh, that one hits hard. Let's go here. Give me four
more. This is the $20 a month chat GPT. I want to be slept
on. Making it isn't being rich. It's being able to get my
clients. Okay. Maybe we've rinsed that video, but you get
what I mean. You could then go ahead and rinse and repeat
this as much as you want. Although then I might end up just
posting motivational quotes. Have a follow. Have it. You're
a whippersnapper. And again, all it takes is for one tweet
to kick off. So actually, I posted some of these tweets. I
wonder if any of them actually got any views. Not a lot. I'm
a nobody on Twitter. I'm a nobody. Well, that one got three
likes. There you go. The best way to go on Twitter is to get
political. So let's start tweeting about Trump. So there are
just some ideas. Like I said, I'm not an expert on X, but,
or Twitter or whatever, but sure. Let's see if anyone
mentioned me. Oh, wow. Wow. Very interesting. Anyway, that's
another video altogether. So yeah, use Twitter. You might as
well. Why not? You never know.
