In this video, I talk with a guy called
Nick Fischer. This is a really cool
podcast if you're a business owner, a
sales rep, or a marketer. I have met a
lot of people in my time in the business
world, and I have met very few that I
would consider myself equivalent to me
in how they approach things, look at
things, break things down, and analyze
how business, sales, marketing, and
everything like that works. Nick runs a
business called New Reach Education, and
he owns brands like by Pace Morby,
Russell Brunson, and a bunch of other
things. Astro Flipping, all these big
brands. They do over $100 million a
year. We talk for well over an hour
about all things sales, marketing, and
business, and about some of the nuances
that you can only get when you spend an
awful lot of money on ads and you've
sold hundreds of millions of dollars in
product and services. So, if you like
that kind of content and you want to
hear some very, very high level insight
from someone who I deeply respect and
it's also on YouTube, and I'll drop his
stuff down below, but make sure you stay
all the way through. And there's also a
document that we're going to put
together what we went over. Um and you
can comment down below to say
>> I want the dock
>> and then we'll give it to you. All right
guys, enjoy the video cuz it's a really
good one. Hey guys, what's up? Uh Matt
Coffees for closers here with Nick
Fisher. But Nick's a really smart guy,
you know, he's a um you know,
personification of weaponized autism and
uh
right and is we're gonna we're gonna
talk some stuff today. So, how's it
going, buddy?
>> Dude, it's going well. Yeah, I
specifically remember both of us nerding
out over um needing to figure out the
exact speed to lead and how everyone
else just measures it improperly and
that was the only ones who knew how to
measure it properly.
>> Yeah, it's completely normal
conversation to have.
>> Exactly. They don't get it, man. It's
like, you know,
>> it's like the meme of that like dude
like kind of doing these ones to that
chick. It's like you don't you know, you
don't get it. Yeah.
>> Um Yeah. So, so give so give us a run
through, man. you you you were like with
Sam Ovens for a long time um right and
you were sort of there as as he kind of
ascended you know and now he's better
than all of us as a portfolio company
and uh you know
>> yeah I mean Sam is just a he's a genius
but yeah 10 it's 10 years ago now um I
just posted an old clip from me and him
10 years ago
>> yeah teaching business uh because Godsy
Iman Godsy who was a teenager when he
joined our mastermind just bought
consulting.com So made me feel old
mainly. Um but that is where roughly I
got my start. I was director of
marketing at a company called Clever
Investor who sold real estate info
before that. And then me and Sam started
consulting.com launched that did really
well still has a legacy to this day
which I'm very proud of. And then from
there I left and started New Reach of
which uh the first few brands were Astro
Flipping
>> and then sub with Pace which is our
biggest brand and Pace is is just
absolutely savage and crushing things
right now.
>> Yeah.
>> Years later and then uh credit stacking
and subsequently
now fast forward we have at least 30
different companies that I have at least
some piece of ownership in. Our brand is
uh or our model is similar to Horoszi.
is a holding company model where we take
a piece of equity and partner with an
expert.
>> You guys sort of do the doing more
though, don't you? Like it's more like
less consulting and more like, hey, like
why don't you stop doing the things that
you hate and suck at and then we'll do
all those things because we love them
and are good at them.
>> Correct. I would I would um I would
fancy us a startup studio, I suppose,
where we're doing all the ground work.
We're just asking the expert to be the
expert. And then we have some SAS brands
that you talked about as well, like Dial
OS, which um is not a Dialer.io
competitor. Um you've done such a good
job, Matt, of selling everyone a
Dialer.io, of which we're about to
switch over to as well. Um people like,
why would I need both? They both seem
like they're a dialer. I'm like, dang, I
should just rename our software, which
is just like analytics and intelligence.
So, we have a few of those um SAS plays
as well in the portfolio, but it's
primarily people who are selling their
expertise and we are particularly good
at what I would consider now like a
mid-t price point. We sell things for
anywhere between $3 to $12,000 with a
high ticket sales floor.
>> Okay, that's amazing. So, like what like
what got you into like consulting.com?
Like what was the journey from there?
Like were you in university decided that
you know that wasn't for you? Like
what's the sort of origin story? Mhm.
Yeah. A little bit before that I was an
accountant um by trade because my dad
told me that no one hires marketing
majors which I think that is actually
still true. Um they have a hard go but I
want always wanted to be in marketing.
Um that was my passion. I had an
internship that turned into a job at
Apple in marketing and that's when I
started to kind of acquire some of the
skills
like cultlike community stuff that Apple
preaches that I uh had my first hand in.
And then from there, I sort of was
self-taught ads. I was learning from
people online. Um, and I had a bunch of
crappy clients that sold like MLM stuff.
Um, it was making like a $100 a month
times, you know, five or six clients.
So, uh, yeah, it was it was going really
well. And then I was just in this online
mastermind with this guy named Cody
Sperber. He comes along, he's looking
for a director of marketing. I apply
thinking I'm qualified. I'm like 23
years old at the time. And he was like,
"Good, good try, kid. That's that's not
going to work. We got 30 people more
qualified." So, I did what most anyone
would do is I just showed up at his
company and told him, "I'll be in
Phoenix tomorrow. Booked a flight
>> and showed up and I was like, I would
like to interview." And he was like,
"Okay, that's that's fine." Somehow he
said yes. And then I hustled my way in.
So, that started. He pushed me to be
great those first two years of being
director of marketing there. I met my
now business partner next door here,
Josiah Grimes,
>> who how I met Pace and J. And um I
didn't work with them as business
partners right away, but they were in
that ecosystem down here in Phoenix that
we moved to.
>> So from there um how I got to
consulting.com though is me and Sam
Ovens were just originally JV partners
and the first version of Consulting
Accelerator at the time, this was like
2015, 2016, he was really blowing up. Um
it's just Sam Ovenans, samovvens.com.
And he messaged me the day uh he bought
consulting.com
and he was like, "This is my vision for
it." And pitched me on the vision. Would
you want to come out here and start it
with me? And it was a big decision, but
I said I was like, "Yes, let's do it."
So I moved out there from Phoenix to New
York. We started consulting.com, then
moved the company to LA eventually. Um
the early days I was there for the early
days of school. Um I was there when we
bought school.com, too. and we were kind
of parlaying all of the consulting
profits into school to fund it, which
was super interesting. And I watched him
hire the first round of developers there
and the talent. Um, and people were so
confused as why Sam, like this 27,
28-year-old millionaire kid, could self
bootstrap school. Yeah.
>> They're like, "We raise any money?" He's
like, "Nope, don't raise any money."
>> No, they're just
>> I know. There's a difference. Yeah.
>> Yeah. his his typical charm was maybe
lost on them uh at that time but he did
it like I wouldn't bet against that guy
for anything. So um eventually yeah just
consulting.com and being a guru became
less of a focus for him. Me myself I was
really interested in all these niche
experts that were coming up.
>> Yep.
>> I I uh went off on my own after those
two years started to and new reach and
then yeah now the rest is history.
>> Yeah. I met Josiah at a Brunson event.
>> That's right. And uh like we I didn't I
didn't know like who who he was, but we
started uh geeking out about um sales
stuff because like I presented and he
watched my presentation I think and then
I was going over like what I was doing
running that company uh running seventh
and then we started going over like all
the metrics and what we were doing and
what was working and what wasn't
working. It was good that. But I I I
sort of haven't I haven't spoken to him
since, but um Yeah. No, he's a like nose
is [ __ ] I can I can see why you guys
get along.
>> Yeah, exactly. He's he was he's a unique
breed because he had the ability he was
the first star of Astro Flipping. He was
like our original star student, Clever
Investor, too. I used to, like I said,
we would he would speak on stage as just
like an example of our methodology going
right. Eventually, he partnered with
Cody. Eventually, he went off and
started doing deals. And when I
published him for Astro Flipping, him
and J were doing 50. And Hunter, who's
the third partner, were doing like 50 to
80 house flips in Arizona per month. So
he was clearly the market leader. And
they were the biggest real estate
flipper at the time.
>> Yeah. Massive.
>> Maybe the US, like as far as volume,
maybe not as far as like obviously
transaction volume, there's way bigger
people, but as far as deal volume goes,
they were number one.
>> Yeah. I I trained a few. I remember once
we had a whole bunch of the astro
flipping guys inside of seventh level
like Oscar and uh Taishan
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That was like that the first wave
of sales team. I actually I didn't know
that and I think I told you when we
first met I had actually surveyed all of
our sales reps and asked them of any
sales training what one was the most
impactful for you or do you credit for
your success? Any PPQ was the clear
winner or favorite? Yeah,
>> it's a phenomenal methodology.
>> Yeah,
>> exactly.
>> When I was doing a ton of the training
was when um like I was really involved
>> and and so was Jeremy. Uh like so you it
was sort of like in that time where like
>> you know the the founders of the company
were super heavily involved in like
delivery and so those guys kind of came
along and I remember I was speaking to
Oscar and Taon. I sold Oscar. I have the
sales call. I broke that dude down. I
made him cry.
I wouldn't cry. Um, so
>> Oh, said that to me.
>> I will. I'll say it to you. It's a good
one. Um, uh, so yeah, it it was good. Um
but so you know I find something
interesting because you know I think the
high ticket space is is is is great but
I think a lot of people call themselves
marketers and they're sort of not
>> you know I think that they're media
buyers or they're you know uh like uh
essentially like product line engineers
in in in some way you know but like
marketing is such a broad term
>> um like what do you consider like to be
marketing like like where would you
consider like your expertise? Is it
around like the brand building? is
around like the vision of like the
acquisition process or
>> That's a really really great question
Matt. No one has ever asked me like I if
>> I'll try to be simple and then we'll br
we'll get really complicated or or as
dense as as we need to. So when I
marketing I break it up into two
subcomponents is getting attention and
retaining attention and if you want to
get fancy then directing attention to
the next step in whatever process you
want to go. Those are like the three sub
components let's say. Yeah.
>> But as far as like what I think the
overarching
um principles that make someone great at
marketing or like make them a marketer,
I always believe it starts with
conviction. It's the first lesson I
learned at Apple is we started an
exercise where we divide the whiteboard
into half here and they go, "All right,
this is day one of the training. We have
learned nothing about Apple." They go,
"Hey guys, for the next three hours
until lunch, we're going to list an
exhaustive list of everything that you
have ever heard negative about Apple.
Anything you heard people say they hate
about Apple, anything. It's pretty much
exactly what you would not expect um to
happen is just okay, we're going to
start with negative leading questions or
negativity and you just go and you're
like, cool, can't play games on a PC
like um processor isn't as good, this,
that, and the other." and you just list
it out and they're like, "Okay, uh-huh.
Is that it? Okay, let's just keep
going." And then you just go until they
can't anymore. And then they stop and
they go, "Okay, great. Um, after lunch,
we're going to go through this one by
one, and I'm going to explain to you why
each one of these things isn't true."
And we're like, "Whoa, this is crazy."
So, they do that for the next um day.
So, they teach you how to write
objection handle right from the get-go.
Um,
>> you're objectioning yourself
essentially. So, it's like
>> objection handling yourself.
>> Yeah. Right. I be like let's get this
out of the way and that's a lesson that
I have taken with me everywhere and I
still do with the team too. If I get any
sense of inkling that the team has lost
conviction um and sometimes people lose
conviction of themselves like
>> sure
>> uh as like and we call it imposttor
syndrome but really it's just loss of
conviction um because normally if you
have that conviction you can deal with
the haters or anything else. So, it's a
great exercise and it gets the team to
rally behind like, wow, there's nothing
that this no one anyone can say that I
can't reframe or handle in any sort of
way. So, I start there because marketing
out of conviction, if nothing else, just
feels natural. You don't have to think
about breaking into like getting
attention, retaining attention direct to
a CTA. Um, it becomes way less heady and
way more just natural. And you've
probably seen it too, like reps who hit
the phones day one and they have nothing
but conviction. They have no adherence
to the script. In fact, it's like
>> I do okay.
>> Exactly.
>> Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
>> They end up in this frame. They're just
like It's sort of like an APQ thing
where they're just like, "Wait, I'm just
confused as to as to like why you're
just not doing this. You're just like,
you're making excuses. I did this. Like
clearly it works. I don't get what I'm
missing here." and they basically just
call them out for just
>> just being a dummy or, you know, sort of
accusing them of lying and they do it
out of conviction. So that to me is
marketing lesson number one that
everyone moves past. Um getting
attention and teaching people to like
viral hook formulas and how to hook and
what you do in the first two seconds.
That's all tactical. It changes and it's
becoming more of a commodity in today's
market where um especially Tik Tockers,
they're really getting good and the
copycat rate is increasing. So, I'm
trying to lean into things that are just
always always going to be true. Um, and
conviction is one. Conviction will never
get out of style.
>> Yeah. You know, it's funny. I get a lot
of like uh young sales coaches that will
reach out to me
>> and like, "Daddy, how how do you build a
sales coaching?" And I'm like, I tell
them the same thing. I go like, "You
have no chance if you're going to try
and like hop trends."
>> Yeah. I go like you just have to figure
out what your value prop is and then
just never change.
>> Like if that's your value prop, that's
your value prop. Like my brand has grown
consistently over years because like I
talk in a very particular way
>> and I like style and your and your
YouTube style. It's it's brilliant. It's
different. Brilliant. And you
>> Yeah. Thank you. Um it it also is very
not conducive with verality
you know uh which is uh which I think is
a very good thing because a brand like
mine that's expensive like everything I
do is somewhat expensive like if you
want consulting it's expensive if you
want you know the dialer is expensive my
sales agency was expensive you know what
I mean then it's like I I don't need to
speak to everybody I just want to speak
to the right people and so I I've always
been super guarded with, you know, um,
like they go, "Oh, you should do this,
you." It's like, "No, I do things the
way I do them because it speaks to the
people in which I need to speak to."
Like I want to speak to you. I want to
speak to Josiah. I want to speak to, you
know what I mean? I want to speak to the
people and they go, "Oh, like I can see
that that guy knows what he's talking
about and that's all I care about." And
hopefully over time that that grows. But
if it doesn't, I couldn't give a [ __ ]
like I don't want to be well known under
any circumstances, you know what I mean?
Um,
>> yeah. No. Um, you know, uh, but, you
know, I think like, you know, I was able
to build an agency to $2 and half
million dollars a month with zero
dollars in advertising. Um, you know,
and it's like that's built through like
a, you know, a content like a very
unique marketing plan that's designed to
drive pure authority in a very
particular niche subset because that
niche subset will pay me 500 grand a
month,
>> you know, like I I had I had businesses
paying me that. So, I only need like a
few of them,
>> you know. Um, and I think in today like
what I what I've seen anyway over the
years of being in high tech because I'm
41, you know, I've been in the space for
a while is like the the cottaging of
industry, you know, like used to be
you'd hire a marketer and you'd get you
full stack media buy, funnel build,
copyright this, and then it was like,
you know, then it was like, okay, well
now we have media buyers, funnel
builders, copyrighters, we have
copyrighters for email,
>> and we have copyriters for this and we
have copyriters for this and we have
copyriters for this, you know, and then
we've got funnel builders, but And then
the funnel builder won't take
responsibility for a lack of conversion
because it was a sales copy.
>> Yep.
>> You know, and it's sort of like this
this this cottaging. But like how if you
you're someone who's been in the
marketing space way deeper, way longer
than what I have, like how how how have
you guys as a as a large entity spending
lots of money, right? being able to
maintain
I guess one profitability but two like
not having a maddening increase in like
headcount to a tone or account for these
like incredibly niche subsets of
marketing that have popped up over the
last say three to five years.
>> Yeah. No, that's dude that's a really
good question too. cottaging is the
right word and um just increased
specialization as the industry matures
because digital when it was new you had
to wear a lot of hats just because and
you could be a lot sloppier too
>> um but you could also and the the
benefit is you could be a lot faster. So
now these specializations exist which
create silos in the end in the um in the
actual kind of workflows at scale. But
um
at the end of the day that th that
really just affects I feel like a mature
sort of company like ours because um you
can you can do everything or all these
digital channels exist but the same way
that traditional channels used to have
that same sort of cottage or
specialization. So yeah,
>> it's just really that the digital
marketing space has matured, but those
like that sort of habit or pattern
existed way before us. There were people
who
>> uh voice actors for radio that you had
to hire and then you had the media buyer
who placed the ad on the radio. Then you
had the actual
>> um you know uh what would you call I
don't even know the term for it, but the
the broker that you would go through in
order to buy those things. So there
>> I never I've actually never thought of
it in that way. It's sort of like I
guess cuz I you know wasn't exposed to
it but it makes sense that like as it
matures
>> sort of it silos itself. Do you think
that leads to more effectiveness or more
efficiency or do you feel like it sort
of is a bit of a wash and it's just
going to happen regardless?
I feel like it happens because you're
trying to squeeze these efficiency gains
because the cost of advertising is
probably the catalyst to all that
happening as though yeah
>> the because the cost goes up you have
people who want to micro specialize and
try to find these efficiency gains when
a generalist can't find them across the
whole board or it becomes too hard.
>> So I'm guessing that's why it happens
like it does happen here too. We have
moved from um people like myself who
were kind of director of marketing
generalists who had their hands in a
bunch of different pots to specialized
director of media buying to director of
creative production and it's just kind
of like I said it's the maturity of the
digital marketing sphere the algorithmic
marketing maturing.
>> Um
>> so it is what it is. Uh but you'll find
like you'll find the same sort of
generalist uh attitude among emerging
channels still. Um, yeah, like in Tik
Tok there's not that degree of
specialization. It's very rare where
someone's like, I'm specifically just a
Tik Tok media buyer or just I do graphic
design for
>> you're broke, right?
>> Exactly. You can still still find it and
then as the channel matures, people try
to get these efficiency gains. But how
we personally stayed ahead of it is one
of our key like core values is non-stop
at our company and it's the attitude of
incrementality or getting not just 1%
better every day but I just aim for 20%
better year-over-year because if you can
get 20% better or more efficient in
advertising year-over-year you actually
hedge against the CPM rise. CPM is just
a fancy word for the cost it it takes to
show a thousand people an ad. So, if a
CPM is $20, that means I gave $20 to
Facebook and they showed my ad to a,000
people. And if that gets 20% uh more
expensive year-over-year, you're looking
at, let's call it, $24 the next year to
show the same a,000 people that ad. So,
you know that you have to get that much
better every year. And then you can
chuck that up into every single week.
>> And we look at it week over week. We're
like, what ads are working? Okay, can we
get them to work more? So, it's a
refiner mentality that I think built
this company that still exists to this
day where it's not just about throwing
stuff at the wall. Um, in the beginning,
that's the only thing you can do because
you have nothing to refine. But as soon
as you throw something against the wall
and it works, we're recycling that,
bringing it back and be like, can we
make a better hook? Can we create a
better image?
>> And when you are in that position early
on and you have this huge margin, um, if
you constantly act like you have to
refine while you still have this margin,
the margin maintains. So even though our
margins have um dropped since like the
heyday of let's call it 2020 20 to 2022
when we were operating.
>> I mean that was that was a wild time you
know.
>> Yeah I miss those days people are like
those days aren't coming back. And I'm
like well they aren't but the same
spirit that created those margins can
still still exist. So
>> even though like I remember Cole running
in those days he had like 80% profit
margin on his info business. We had like
60. So now we're
>> we were charging 25% as a sales agency.
30%. You know what I mean? Like it's
madness. Like I would never agree to pay
that.
>> I know. Yeah. So there's there's been a
maturation and a saturation potentially
of um this industry. But yeah, I I uh I
still love it. I still think that there
is a need for curated knowledge even
more so than than there was
>> um and doesn't seem to be shrinking to
me. It seems to be there is a
consolidation of like I think you know
the bottom you know is is is going away.
I feel like, you know, there's a there's
some of those, you know, there was a lot
of nefarious actors and like I was a
part of a lot of offers. Like at Sales
Sniper, I had 165 different offers come
through that we said yes to,
>> right? Um and then I had uh you know, a
lot more that we said no to. And you
know, some were fantastic and some were
like we found out later were not
fantastic, right? Um and there were some
crazy high volume ones, you know, dudes
spending 100,000 plus a day on
advertising, you know? um where we had
45 reps doing stuff and there was like
we had one called yield farming which
was the most
>> exposing I went to that
>> yeah so um yeah like I I was the one
that engineered the whole sales
environment for that right and went from
zero to three million a month in six
months
>> it was madness I've never seen anything
like it right but I mean when your VSSL
says Mr. money printer, you know,
be damned, right?
>> Exactly.
>> You know, so it's it's crazy, but you
know, there there is that was a really
really weird time where there was this
like converging of need, want markets,
you know, and and it and it was just uh
you know, everyone would had that COVID
stimulus money and you know, people it
was just weird. It was um you know, it
was weird. Lots and lots and lots of uh
people who decided to contract went
away. Mhm.
>> Right. And the people who decided to
double down and go, well [ __ ] this is
the time to run.
>> Uh like people were the industry as a
fundamentally shifted and shaped and the
the key players were totally rotated
out.
>> Totally.
>> Yeah. Like there are certain ones that
have staying power that last through
those industries like you saw Tony
Robbins make a pivot to digital just
because the environment changed.
>> But in general like it definitely brings
in a new guard. Um, I personally love
like the the worst thing for the info
product industry and why people are
like, "Oh, it's it's it's too saturated
or it's flatlining or anything else is
usually just like a stable and good
economy where everyone's job is safe and
there's no sort of um environmental
triggers that make people either scared
or want pe make want people to change.
So, I'm always like I'm all for I just
want to see the like the either the
economy booming or everyone in fear in
the economy tanking. Both of those
conditions like rapid variance and the
economic changes makes for a ton of info
opportunities. The worst is when people
get like feel safe or let's call it
complacent in their day-to-day role and
they don't want to make a change. If
they don't want to make a change,
they're usually not open to hearing it.
It's sort of like the uh you know, it's
like futures trading with people's
futures.
>> It is. That's a great great comparison.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's like, you know, you you you
you ride the highs and you ride the
lows, but when it's just sort of,
>> you know, everything's in the middle,
it's like, well, you know,
>> I guess we got to, you know, advertising
gets more expensive and people are just
a little bit harder to nudge in a
direction,
>> you know. Um if you if you were to look
at like different you know because I can
relate it back to sales like you know if
you look at like sales as an as an
industry um I would say like you know
there are certain sales that are looked
upon as you know harder or like you know
if you walk into a room like real estate
agents for example like you're not sales
people you know this is a kitchen. Yep.
All right. Well done. You know right you
know what I mean? Um, and you know what
I mean? Like if if you were to kind of
like rate like not the whole thing, but
like what do you think is I guess the
most difficult or technically demanding
marketing I guess uh you know specialty
and what would be the one that's like
the I won't say this the like like the
stupidest. What's the one that like
somebody can get someone as a good bang
for buck, right? There's one that's
going to be like you need to get a very
very uniquely talented individual and
one is like oh yeah like you can pretty
much get most people to do that and
you'll be fine.
copyright. I feel like media buying used
to be
>> media buying
>> it did, but now it's becoming more
commoditized. So, anything anything
that's algorithmic um in its nature is
getting a little bit more commoditized
um and easier.
>> But despite like people might think that
copywriting has become a commodity, but
if anything else like all these AI
models generally um write stuff to the
lowest common denominator. But it's like
they're good enough, but um so it
replaces a lot of bad and senior
copywriters, but still like the aces are
still worth such a huge multiple. Um
because just offer creation and the
words that you choose still matter so so
so much that I still think that that's
where you get the best leverage. um in
the future maybe it is some sort of AI
enabled data scientist copyriter hybrid
um where you get the best leverage and
but I do think we're coming to this era
where instead of you have like
>> quote unquote you have this idea of like
a 100x developers who are 100x better
than your average developer because of
the code leverage you could apply that
same sort of thing to AI enabled
copywriters who are producing at such a
level of output but it's at a level of
output that is consistently normally a
10x that they're getting a 100x overall
efficiency or effectiveness gain um and
what they're able to produce. So, I do
think we're headed for that. Um what I
think is I don't know if this was your
question, but to me I I don't think it
was, but to me like the marketing
Olympics, not the degree of difficulty,
is the political elections. like I
always see um they're not maybe the most
upto-date tactically but oftent times
when you get at least into the US
presidential elections like I think 2016
and Cambridge Analytica informing Trump
of those decisions and then you usually
see some really innovative stuff come
out of those camps every sort of
election cycle that you can sort of
take. So whether or not they have the
most talented uh marketers, they
definitely have the deepest pockets and
they have to deploy it in such a tight
way that um even Trump on this election
cycle, the way he was able to use um
certain influencers and clippers
>> podcast and stuff like that. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And they geared it in such a
strategic way right before the election
um was very methodical and really
interesting. So you can learn a lot from
that because the stakes are just so high
um they have to be really precise. um
some of the best email swipes I've ever
gotten, just some of the placements that
they consider um I think are really
interesting. So that um and then the the
thing that I think is just like the
biggest waste of money right now or
commodity
um
anyone probably that's hiring.
What do you think about like do you feel
like that like the the the funnel page
itself these days makes a huge
difference?
>> No.
>> Or are you seeing pretty consistent like
if it's beautiful or if it's like just a
[ __ ] white thing with a video and an
optin? Like it works the same.
>> Yeah, it pretty much works the same
especially in the bisop space. Like
there's something to be said if you're a
graphic design course selling all crappy
ClickFunnels like
>> um but in general like that has never
really mattered and even though people's
design sensibilities have increased or
just like things have gotten better, it
still doesn't really matter much. I'
I've never seen so wasting time
redesigning a funnel just has always
been a bad kind of spend on money.
>> Just just make sure your optin's above
the fold. Yeah,
>> I see so many people who spend 10 grand
a day and you have to scroll down to opt
in. I'm like, are you what are you
doing?
>> They're just hurting their conversion
rate.
>> Do that like double your leads. Like,
>> yeah. Opt in above the fold. Make sure
it loads fast. Make sure the headline is
consistent, congruent with the ad or the
message that brought them there. All
those things will get you a way better
lift than designing that page and making
it look good.
>> I literally did a video the other day on
YouTube and it was like like metrics,
right? And I this is the three things I
said for funnels. I said above the fold,
fast load time, and that there's a
consistent messaging between the two. I
go, if you do that, I go you you're
probably not going to be horrific.
>> We did not talk about that beforehand.
That just comes from experience and like
I've I've tested everything you could on
a landing page at this point.
>> Yeah. Like when you spend a lot of your
own money, you know, like at seventh
level, I think we spent, you know, we
spent a lot of money on advertising and
it was like, you know, you start to see
stuff. Also, I used to own gyms and I
did my own media mine. This is way back
in the day, right? Like when you could
uh edit ads that were live, right? And
have them like not go back into review.
So, I used to like submit ads like come
to the gym for fun and fitness. It would
get approved and I would edit it to like
guaranteed 10 10 kilo weight loss.
>> I remember those days.
>> Photoshop his own before and after ads.
>> Exactly. It was like me and like a rip
black guy before and after, you know.
It's just like um yeah it was it was it
was a wild time but like you know it it
was funny like what what I used to do
and I and I had agencies and I hired
them and they could never figure it out
but I used to split ma male and female
and then this is kind of some of the
advertising stuff that we did early on
in seventh level as well which was like
um cuz I was very in control of some of
the media buying stuff right um cuz like
I was very like involved in it and I I
was like hey this is this what I used to
do at the gyms I don't know if it'll
work but we can try it and So I would go
men, women, and then when I was doing
like running like conversion ads for
men, I would be running awareness ads
for women and then I would flip it,
>> right? And so we would just run it back
like that. So I was like they were only
ever getting advertised to one like once
every other month, but they were getting
value the month leading up.
>> And so it was a geographical location
because it was obviously physical
location. So, I would run like um I had
like blog articles and videos that I
would run like just like sponsored
videos which are so cheap,
>> you know what I mean?
>> And then it was like all about getting
bigger arms or like hey these are things
that you're doing in the gym that are
wrong that are stopping you from being
able to grow your arms. You know what I
mean? For girls it was like, you know,
hamstrings, butt and it was just, you
know, allformational stuff with like
free downloads. And like I found that
that was able to keep in a in a in a
location where there was 57 gyms in the
same suburb. I was able to keep
extremely low cost per leads, right? Um,
and then what we and then what we did uh
early on in the days is no one there
would even know we we did that any
because it was like that whole team was
gone, but I rotated uh around the
country, right? Uh we put the country
into different like slithers, right? Um
also because like the west and the east
have slightly, you know, red states and
blue states like have quite different
wants, you know what I mean? So like um
I had like a five key factors thing that
I would look at and then I looked at
like housing prices, interest rate, um
consumer competence index as well um and
like a few other factors. And then like
election result like like you know so
like after an election like after Trump
won double down on the red states and
ignore the blue states for like at least
six weeks,
>> right? Because they're all they're all
angry and upset,
>> you know? Whereas all [ __ ] red states
do on these ones like [ __ ] and happy
people buy and sad people don't. Right.
Just as a general rule.
>> Never thought about it that simply. So
like they'll even want to get into shape
because Trump won and they're just
happy.
>> They're just like [ __ ] America, you
know?
>> They're just happy, you know? And so,
um, we we ran that pretty hard and I was
like, "Hey, like I think that, you know,
whoever wins, we're going to have two
different campaigns like and then we're
going to launch the campaign states like
like space specific." But then from
there, what we would do is we would have
a like a rotating cycle of ads. So, uh,
we would have a um like awareness and
then conversion, awareness, conversion,
awareness, conversion, awareness,
conversion, awareness, conversion like
that running around. So that like
sometimes it would take three to four
months to get back to like the same ad,
the same people again, but they always
got like they always got awareness
advertising like leading up to it. Um,
and I found like that was like um very
very effective at keeping like uh
saturation levels low, frequency levels
low obviously,
>> right? And then and then being able to
like just uh keep lead awareness really
high. So as they came in like you just
didn't need as many leads because they
were constantly getting you know like
the we were like building up I think
like marketing equity within those areas
you know and I really like doing things
like that. Like I'm a big fan of lead
with value and then
you know and then the other thing that
we that I was really tight on was the uh
I needed to know the amount of people
that saw value from us every month
compared to the amount of people that we
were trying to get to do a conversion
>> right and it was like the two
>> the two circles.
>> Yeah.
>> You know and never shall the two circles
touch.
>> That's interesting. So it's like how
many like Instagram impressions are we
getting from like like organic cont or
like you know like from it can be paid
but value content how many YouTube
Facebook
>> yada yada yada and then as long as that
number is bigger than the number of pure
conversion ad then like the advertising
cost would stay low.
>> But as soon as like that started to blow
out like the rorowaz just went boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom like
that. It was like it you could just see
it happening. Um, and it was really it
was really interesting. Uh, so that's
why like I'm such a fan of organic and
valueled content. I love lead magnets
because I think lead magnets get you to
provide value, but you have a really
clear value prop to call somebody on.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, like you have a the opener is
real specific to that lead magnet. And
so it's like, hey, it looks like you
downloaded our guide, too.
How can I help?
>> Yep.
>> Like it's such a great lead. Yeah.
>> Permission to reach out. Yeah, I think
like you know I think like the thing
that I see especially with a lot of
those companies like that sort of three
to 500k a month you know infospace type
guys that they have something but like
they're they're either like they're
they're missing that like component of
you know if I want to grow big I I have
to provide serious value to the
marketplace.
>> Yeah. Otherwise like I will make less
money
at triple the revenue than what I do
now.
>> Yes.
>> You know what what are the what are the
things that you look for in a brand that
are like ah that's that's the one like
that thing can go.
>> Is it tam is it the person itself like
>> you know anyone you can sell anything to
anyone as long as the person's like
good-looking enough type thing or
>> Yeah. Right. Well attraction does come a
part of it. Like if you break it down
into like Darwinian like when we say you
have to get attention you have to retain
attention. Attraction is definitely one
of the like one of the key factors. So,
someone just looking good does help. Um,
>> that's why
I I've always joked about this. There's
this uh people use it for dating, but
there's these looks maxing apps on your
phone now that will just scan your face
and analyze it for symmetry and beauty
score and a bunch of other things. It's
super dark.
>> If you wanted to, I'm not saying you
should do this, but if you want to get
better CTR, you just photoshop the face,
run it through looks maxer until it's
more attractive, and that will just get
a better CTR. You'll have a better
chance of getting attention. If you just
look more attractive right off the bat,
yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> The unfortunate truth, no one actually
teaches that in marketing. They're like,
"Yeah, the way to get a better CTR is
you got to bam like some sort of viral
hook right in the beginning, or you
could just make yourself look better."
Um, that that works. No matter what you
do.
>> Have you seen boobs?
>> Exactly. So, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, I I always describe
advertising like uh this is how I
describe it, right? Like um I I describe
online advertising is the same as
billboards
and you are driving down the highway and
that's you scrolling and you need
something that makes you go like that.
>> Like what is it?
>> Yeah. you know, and if it's like it has
to do that and then actually in order
for you to keep reading it, it has to
actually speak to you in some way. It
has to be relevant.
>> You know what I mean? And then you've
got to place that billboard in the right
place. If you place like, you know, a
really expensive service in the ghetto,
it's probably a poor place to place it,
>> right? If you if you say to the off-ramp
that's going into, you know, one of
Scottsdale's most expensive suburbs,
like probably the right place to put it.
So, like it's it's a really good medium
because it gives people like a visual
representation of like this is how
you know you need to think of it and
those those headlines and and you know
like because people just throw [ __ ] out
that works. They just don't realize it
works.
>> They don't realize it works. Yeah. Like
I
>> I always tell people if you're running
ads or just doing organic content at
all, you have um let's call it two CTR
metrics. You have CTR all which
basically measures your scroll stop. CTR
all means I clicked on the image. I
clicked on the body copy. Like I clicked
and stopped somewhere. I interacted with
this ad. But it doesn't mean you clicked
through the landing page. Then you have
CTR link click. So really you want to
measure the ratio of those two things
because if you have like a 15% CTR all
and then only 1% click through the
landing page, that means you did an
incredible job of stopping people, but
then they felt click baited, right?
Because the the falloff was too high.
But if you have something like a 7% CTR
all means it wasn't as hookie or it
didn't get you the scroll stop but you
got a 2% CTR link click that you had
great um you had a payoff right you like
you actually made it work whatever your
hook was.
>> So when and then when we're trying to
find better performing ads we're trying
to combine the two. We're like cool
what's our stuff that maxes out on a
CTRL that like stop the scroll and then
can we just actually thread the needle
so it's not clickbaity so it doesn't
seem clickbaity. So, if I was like, you
know, this car cures diabetes, people
would be like, whoa, okay, I'm in. And
then, I wonder what he's going to say
next. Well, what that's what we thought.
Um, like the first 10 people that bought
this car, magically their diabetes
disappeared, but it was because we had
run a promotion with NAD and like they
was the first thing they injected after
they got the car. So, it turns out we
can't claim our car is the ex, you know,
but now I'm into an NAD ad or whatever.
And I have no idea NAD cures diabetes.
Probably doesn't.
>> Nick Fisher from New Reach claims that,
>> but right. So, we try to think about,
okay, can we get them there? Can we make
it seem like it's not clickbait? Because
people feel misled and they don't like
that. And same thing as you pointed out
from congruency from ad to lander. Same
sort of thing. It's like, oh, I feel
misled. That was not what I thought I
was clicking into. So you just try to
optimize these micro KPIs all the way
through the funnel and eventually you
have something that's performing um you
know two to three times better than what
you were performing even though all the
micro components in itself just were
incremental gains.
>> Yeah. What do you think is the best form
of advertising for like a newer business
to run? Is it like meta or like what
like is that like
>> meta or YouTube just because they're
they're dominant right now? Like I could
recommend that for pretty much any sort
of business that exists and it would be
channel one or channel two. But if you
want the specific channel that's right
for you, I always think in terms of a
lot of people are brand forward. I'm
very much market um I always think about
market first. And there's this great
site called sparkuro.com
where if I were to go to show you an
example for Matt, am I allowed to screen
share? I've gone this far without screen
sharing.
>> Yeah, you can screen share. Yeah. which
is really really hard for me. So that's
usually how how I show people anything.
So if we were going to visit the keyword
lives in the US, let's just go to one of
our sidesub 2.com.
I'm have to sign in. Cool. So there's uh
right here, this is how you actually
determine it is like use of social
network by visitors to your website. So,
if you have visitors at all, if you're
starting new business, you have nothing,
you're going to want to do a keyword
search for the thing that you actually
sell. But right now, I can see our
dominant channel is YouTube. And even
though we're slightly below the US
average, I know that starting on meta or
like Facebook or YouTube is the move for
us. And it's going to be the move for a
lot of us. And this is usually how I
consider channel expansion. So, if I'm
>> is that is that so audience rank most of
these used? So, is that like the
percentage of the traffic that you get
uh on your website? So, have you got
like a like a code or pics on your
website that tracks this?
>> No, it's not percentage. It's it's uh
what they have is an actual database of
people that follow or visit sub2.com
thirdparty data. Um there might be a
first-party tool that does this, but
it's probably, if you think about it, it
wouldn't be in that tool's best interest
if it was YouTube or Facebook to say,
"Hey, actually Facebook's a better
channel for you to be on." So, I
actually like thirdparty tools for this
sort of research. What it's actually
saying is in no particular order, people
that visit sub2.com are most likely to
use YouTube over any other channel in
the ecosystem. They're 3% less likely to
visit YouTube than the US average.
However, it's still your dominant
channel.
>> Okay?
>> And this makes sense because YouTube is
uh huge for anyone who has an howto kind
of like offer, right? when people want
to learn, long form content just does
well on YouTube and it's the biggest
social media platform besides Tik Tok
for Gen Z um and Gen Alpha. So, this
makes a ton of sense to me just
naturally. And when I think of the
channels that are um that bring in the
most revenue for us, it is these three
for sure. LinkedIn, I'm not sure, might
be our fourth. Um so,
>> are you guys advertising on LinkedIn or
is it more like community based stuff?
>> It's organic on LinkedIn. We have tried
LinkedIn. things that work as far as
paid organic works obviously on any of
these channels so long as you have a
coherent strategy. Um so I would say you
want to be there. Reddit we think about
typically second touch or defensive or
or having students UGC um share content
>> as opposed to just organically
splattering um
>> yeah,
right?
>> Yeah. So designed to be the people's
platform, right?
>> Yeah, exactly. So Reddit's a bit
different in nature, but the other ones
uh went to distribution of organic
content. And then these first three were
heavily on on advertising. Tik Tok, we
have at least one of our offers
profitable on Tik Tok, but still sort of
emergent for ads. And the half cycle
like the halflife is really really short
with ads. So if they do work, it's just
kind of like the content there. It's
it's viral for a blip.
>> Then you're constantly on having to
create more. So you just have very
little context, too. You don't have
time. We're known for like long form
copy, long form on YouTube, long form
even ads on Facebook. I don't
>> I mean I think short form can widen, but
deepening your audience is only going to
come from long form and actually decide
whether or not
>> like a good buyer. You know, it's like
it's like when people, you know, I
remember I was I was uh helping this
this this guy once and um
>> you know, a lot of the sales were coming
from the website and he was like, "Oh,
so we're going to we're going to we'll
double down and we'll send everyone to
the website." I was like, "No, no, no,
no, no. We're we're definitely not doing
that. He's like, "No." And I was like,
"No, dude. They just end up there."
>> Yeah.
>> That's just the best. The best leads are
just doing a bit of research, bit of
they're using the Googling machine on
the interweb,
>> they're seeing an ad, they're getting
content, they're going to the website. I
go, "If we start pushing people to the
website, mate, like that's going to do
absolutely nothing."
>> Yep.
>> Like that's that doesn't do that's not
how that works.
>> People draw that conclusion. They're
like, "So is working because our website
is um you know, our number one sales
indicator on like last touch
conversion." And I'm like, "Are you
running ads?" They're like, "Yes." I'm
like, "There is way better likelihood."
I'm like, "Look at look at when you
started running ads and see if your
website traffic spiked because most
likely they're seeing the ad, not
clicking, googling you, finding the
website, clicking, then buying." Right.
Describe.
>> Yeah. And like do are you are you a
first touch or last touch attribution
person? Do you just kind of track it all
and then try and see the inferences?
>> Yeah, we track neither. Um, I'm I was
going to say famous, not famous at all
for scientific 30 is actually my
preferred uh method for high ticket info
just because the
>> a scientific 30 is basically uh last
touch with a 30-day exclusive. So, okay.
>> Um, what it means is that or rather
first 30 I guess is like whatever touch
um happens first, you have a 30-day
exclusive if that lead buys where that
channel gets credit. So in highros um
there is that option. You can go first,
you can go last, scientific 30 or linear
fractional which means every touch in
the journey gets a little bit of credit.
So what I would recommend is one of
those last two if you're running high
ticket info. Um typically like most
people though if you just have your
choice between first and last um
the how I I would choose between those
two is your your sales cycle. So think
about how long someone goes from lead to
sale. If someone goes from lead to sale
in less than two days on average, you
should use first. If someone um takes,
let's say, 15 days on average to go
through, you should probably use last
just because you're going to have
multiple touches in there. And um or
actually, you know, 15 days is probably
a bad example. If they go 45 days on
average, right? um that would give good
semblance to maybe that last touch
actually matters a lot more to get them
over the line because it just takes so
long that that one is pretty important
and should be dominant. Um but really
like I said neither of those is perfect.
I don't like either. Um I prefer
scientific 30 where one has an exclusive
for that 30 days or as long as your
sales cycle is.
>> It makes sense especially also depending
on the um like the price point, right?
you know, if if you're
>> you know, if you're a $25,000 product,
you know, um expecting people to sort of
see you for the first time and then buy
something within a week is probably
pretty stupid, you know. Um which is
where like I have a real problem with
like financing. Um because like I I
think it I think financing ruins
businesses to be honest. I I I haven't
seen it go really well for anybody. I
had a rule where no more than 12% of
revenue could be um as a direct goal of
financing and we heavily
uh uh penalize reps for using financing.
I kind of like that too where they cap
out or you just tell them you can just
kind of make it simple one out of 10
like sales you can use financing for so
use your card wisely otherwise it
doesn't regenerate
>> because I think like it it it creates a
false economy within the sales team
because like they start selling it
>> and like I I I always teach reps never
ever say and we have payment plans or
financing available. You just say the
price and then go how do you want to
proceed because then you can start the
process right of dropping. But if you
say financing available, they go, "Oh,
what are the financing options?" Now
you're having an annain conversation.
>> This is ridiculous. We don't establish
that you we don't know if you need it or
want to. It's not a yes. It's not a no.
It's not an objection. It's a what are
your options?
>> Yeah.
>> And then we're going to go, "Oh, okay."
Then it's very difficult to reroute that
conversation. Um and so and also like
people start to rely on financing. It's
how they pitch and how they do it.
Financing is a financing is a a variable
metric that's has to do with credit
score. Um it has to do with uh like debt
to equity ratio has to do with income
and age,
>> right? And so like these are you know if
you have like we had it so that we would
I was in uh this is before fin market
kind of went down. I was in direct I was
in really really close communication
with them. Um and so I was like always
in front of when the changes were going
to happen. But basically I would have a
de demographic excluders from being able
to be offered financing. Um because like
as soon as they brought in debt to
equity ratio any male over 30 years of
age or between 30 and 40 I excluded from
like it was like you are not allowed to
get fined. So their their their funnel
was different. So they got they actually
we defaulted for a while to sending them
to like the lower ticket cuz I we we
split test out like if you hit this then
you go to this sales calendar this sales
calendar this sales calendar because I
didn't want people pitching all manner
of thing. I wanted guys getting better
at pitching like either higher and they
could only go like one down,
>> you know? So these guys can pitch this
one and this one, this one is this one
and this one. This one is just this one,
>> you know? And so um like that was a way
to sort of like segment out, but it we
knew that there was certain demographics
that they could never get approved. So
it's like, well, let's just put them in
the mid ticket or lower.
>> They're never getting approved for it
and so let's not make that an option for
them. What are those demographics, Matt?
You want to state those publicly? The
ones that are broken borrowers?
>> Uh, no. Actually, it was actually mainly
debt to equity ratio. Okay.
>> Right. So, um, so it was like basically
like the assumption that I made, which
is pretty broad, was that if you're a
man 30 to 40,
>> right? Uh, that's your highest debt
leverage state
>> because you just bought a house most
likely. Is that why?
>> You just bought a house and you have
young kids.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> That makes sense. So like we just went
like well that's a you know we we get a
lot of people 20 to 30 and a lot of
people 40 to 50. So it's like hey we're
going to take that demographic and we're
we're going to like only pitch them mid
ticket and lower you know what I mean
and then we can try and upsell them into
the higher ones but like we'll just make
it that and that was during certain
times and we would rotate that. I was in
touch with fin market like there was a
time where like everybody got approved
for financing and I was like this is
weird
>> and so I called them and I was like hey
what's going on? They're like what do
you mean? And I was like, "Everyone got
to approve." Like, "No, it's great." I
was like, "No, what's happening?"
>> They're They're like, "Shouldn't you be
happy, sir?"
>> I was like, "What's going on?" And I go,
"Wait, what is going on? Don't don't
don't [ __ ] with me." And she goes, "Oh,
well, you know." I go, "Did you lose a
paper buyer or something?" And that was
when SVB went down,
>> which is a huge paper buyer, right? Um
because the way the loans work is that
they they take the loan, take the first
payment, and they sell the loan,
>> right? That's how all the loan
aggregators work. and they lost their
main paper buyers. So there was American
Credit Union and SVB, right? So it's
like Silicon Valley Bank, they were the
two that Finn market used. And like when
SVB went down, like for that week,
everyone got approved, right? And I was
like, that's weird. And what they were
doing is trying to entice another paper
buyer
>> with the volume.
>> Yeah,
>> that's so backwards. I mean, obviously
that
>> the reason why they went down, right?
>> Yeah.
I was like, "This is weird." So, I
literally at that point I cut financing
off as soon as they did that. I was
like, "No, that's weird." So, I I I cut
it off completely.
>> Um,
>> and because I I don't like the idea of
it. I'm also not a huge fan. And I never
allowed anyone gets approved. I just
never allowed that because I don't like
it.
>> People do. It's fine, but I'm not a big
fan.
>> It erodess the sales skills. Like, I've
seen it firsthand, too. Pulling calls.
same thing as you is all of a sudden you
you're supposed to be trained to pitch
full price go then walk them down two
payments three payments four payments
all the way to whatever your max is
>> that goes away as soon as like it's like
financing is a magical
>> word track that they can just insert
into the script and anywhere
>> hey before I I stop you right there yeah
know we have financing so like when we
get there no matter what your situation
is you you can do this and it's just a
bad
>> bad and like you know when everyone gets
approved like would you sign that loan
No,
it means the rates poor. Like a certain
terms have to be unfavorable. So,
>> Exactly. And and like I get it. And my
argument was like they just can't afford
it. Like it's fine.
>> Yeah.
>> There's plenty of people who can.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean? Like that's that's
okay if these people like I'm not I just
don't like it's just not know to me like
no matter what I'm saying no matter how
good it is the value proposition
is not worth potential bankruptcy you
know because it's essentially like loan
sharking you know I mean it's like 30%
interest rates you know and like the
business gets stung for like half of it
usually right if it's everyone gets
approved so you're kind suffering there
and then these people are entering into
loan agreements that they don't
understand because if they didn't
understand them, they wouldn't say yes,
>> right? And it's like, let's just not
sell these people. It's fine. We can
just sell the people, you know? That's
that's my that's my that's my view
anyway.
>> To me, like, we've done financing over
the years. The one thing that I never
thought about too is it actually erodess
your ability to buy media and optimize
over time because if you're approving
more media buyers don't actually know
that or typically separate out a
customer who has bought through
financing versus a customer who didn't.
>> So those can be and the good news is if
you're watching that those can be two
separate custom audiences because what
happens if you finance too many buyers
all of a sudden you're starting to
optimize on a lookalike off of your
buyers which are let's call it 50%
financed. all of a sudden you're just
finding more and more people that want
finance. So whether a bubble burst or
you know you're not allowed to use a
certain funding source anymore. Now all
of a sudden your media buyer can't get
out of this jam of like figuring out why
they're attracting all these like quote
unquote bad leads or the lead quality is
suffering when when they've been
silently fed bad you know data on their
customers over the years.
>> Yeah. And that's and again if you don't
I've never thought about doing that. So
if you don't think about doing that like
that's a you know over the course of two
to three to four years you will
completely change your audience to where
you are predominantly
you know because it's a it's a success
bias right which is the hardest bias
>> to see through because everyone's team
killing it
you know like like negative biases like
like failure is a great teacher. Winning
is obviously is usually not because go
like, "Yeah, of course I won."
>> Yeah. I'm the manically.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Um, you know, it's funny. I
remember like uh uh there was a sales
team I was running like ages ago and
they had like a 45% close rate and I was
like, "This is ridicul." I was like,
"What?" And they were like, "Yeah, it's
amazing." And I was like, "No, that's
not good." And they I was like, "What?
Let me have a look." And it was like
they were optimizing for close rate,
which is a super dangerous metric to
optimize.
>> Like it's like
>> it's really bad. And um you know they're
the managers are patting themselves in
the back, right? And the like reps are
like, "Yay, like that." Meanwhile, the
marketing guys are tearing their hair
out,
>> right? Yeah.
You're selling a sales training course,
you can promote how good of a close rate
you have. I feel like
>> Yeah. Then it might
>> Exactly. And like Yeah. So it's just
like, you know, and it's people don't
realize, you know, first of all, if
you're at 45% average, someone's closing
at 70.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Uh like, you know, because you
know, the the top rep is always going to
outperform everybody by significant
amounts, which means that that's absurd.
like it means your product's too cheap
or
uh it's way too hard to get on a sales
call.
>> Yeah, the DQ process is way too crazy.
>> Yeah,
down.
>> Yeah, I started mandating minimum
posture rates after that.
>> What What are they like? Are there any
benchmarks or industry average?
>> It was it was 65% minimum. It was
variable based on um based on volume on
the front,
>> right? And so it was like if if like
essentially we needed to have an 80% 80%
uh capacity on sales team at all times,
>> right? But that's sit rate not booking,
>> right? So like slot utilized, you know
what I mean?
>> Um
>> and so yeah. Um and so it was like okay
>> that was that metric and then it was
like minimum 65% pass through rate from
like first call to second call. Um, and
then like having that benchmarked, um,
it it it took away the closer ability to
have back-end backdoor conversations
with the setters going like, "Don't feed
me that shit." And then we took away
like a rank structure. There was no rank
structure. There's no rank difference
between setter and closer. They were
different roles at the same rank level.
>> Was it was it you that was telling me
that you commission your setters and
closers at the same rate or now you
split those apart?
>> I know I don't I don't commission them.
You mean like they get the same comps?
>> Yeah, the same comp.
>> No, that wasn't me.
>> I was interested how that worked. Um
>> I mean like we we had we had three types
of I like having multiple types of rep
like having a like a like an like like
an endto-end rep. So all they do is get
leads and they they do everything
themselves. They just get like like
numbers.
>> Okay.
>> And they just right. I think that's a
really good way they can get paid more
>> and they're fully self-sufficient.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. You get paid like 15%.
>> Because phone numbers are cheap. That's
>> that's how I would do it if I was a rep.
>> Don't give me inbound. I don't want it.
I want to work my own pipelines and do
all my own thing,
>> right? And then we had like inbound only
reps.
>> Um, and then they were tiered out based
on like ROI was the key metric, you
know, which was like how much ad spend
do I put into you versus how much
revenue do I get out? And then I used
like a waterfall method. So it wasn't it
the lead routing was incredibly
aggressive. So, like if if if rep A is
the top guy, he is full before anyone
else is full. And then if somebody has a
confirmed call and he has a
non-confirmed call, they get swapped.
>> Oh, I love that. I've never done that
before.
>> Yeah. So, it's like it's the Steph Curry
method. If Steph Curry's on the court,
you give him the ball to Steph Curry.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Exactly. And so, like and if you
wanna if you want to get more shots,
then be as good as Steph Curry.
>> Yeah. I saw a clip recently where Steve
Kerr, the coach, was saying, he was
like, "That's not a bad shot." He's
like, "But you had the greatest shooter
of all time next to you wide open, so
you should have passed the ball."
>> Yeah. And I think like, you know, the
more that people look at sales in
particular as a as a sports team
endeavor,
>> and it's like you're you're you're there
to create a winning environment, not for
any one individual, but for the team.
>> Yeah. And you have to structure that in
a way that allows the team to win. And
the individual is not important,
>> right? Like it's the team wins,
>> you know, because you don't want an
all-star team. You want a championship
team and they're very different.
>> Correct.
>> You know, and and so um like you you
need your guys. That's why like, you
know, just because a guy's not a top
performer doesn't mean that you don't
keep them because the distribution curve
on sales. And if you had all top
performers, that would be a really fun
month and then everyone quits, you know,
like
>> why I'm curious why what happens. Never
had a all quote unquote. Have you ever
seen a basketball team with like when
like two proper all like you know not an
all-star then the guy who was an
all-star but like you know the like you
know they it just doesn't work
>> right like look at you know um you know
like it works every now and then but
like so say if you take like the like 16
Warriors right where it was like Steph
and KD KD is not a leader though you
know so KD just wants the hoop and Steph
is a leader of that team right so
there's a dynamic there And Steph is a
uniquely
chill human
>> for a person as good at what he is. But
if you put Michael Jordan,
>> right, and LeBron James on the same
team, that is a [ __ ] disaster,
>> right? Like,
>> you know, every now and then they sort
it out and they have a great game, but
like you have someone has to know their
role, right? It's like good podcast.
There's a host and a co-host.
>> The co-host's job is to be the audience
for the host.
>> Yes.
>> Right. Ask the questions. You know what
I mean? And so with sales teams, like
you know, it's it's a it's a for for me
as when I was a top rep, I had zero
interest in in in like I don't give a
[ __ ] about anyone on this team, right?
Like I'm the top guy and I used to come
in and go, I want to make you all quit,
right? I see them all as competition to
me.
>> Got it.
>> And you're not interested in training
them or bringing them up.
Like, no. I got I used to get asked that
like I was I was outperforming. I was
the top guy on the team once. I was
making like nine 10 sales a week, 30k
sales, right? And I was making I was
doing more than the rest of the team
combined by like two or three times. And
they were like, "Oh, can you train the
team?" And I was like, "No, of course
not."
And they were like, "What do you mean?"
I was like, "Well, I'm I'm a comm." They
go, "Yeah." And I go, "I make $2,000 a
sale." I go, "Yeah." I go, "Pay me
$2,000 an hour and I'll train your
[ __ ] team.
They were like, "What? What are you
talking about?"
>> Like, "Why? Why would I? They wanted me
to flat for a client event."
>> I was like, "Yeah, what do you pay me?"
>> Mhm.
>> I'm a commissionon killer.
>> That doesn't put more more leads on my
calendar, sir.
>> Like,
what are we doing here? Like, that's I
Well, so I'm not allowed to sell during
that time. Well, no, you got to do
stuff. I was like, "How much you paying
me?" Because I make I make 30 grand a
week, mate.
Like what do you what?
>> Yeah. So you're asking me to make a less
this week and train other people that I
don't want to train.
>> Yeah. So that you can be deleveraged
against me so I can't negotiate higher
comes to you. That's not happening,
champ.
>> All right. Now I get it now. It just
wasn't obvious first. So that's that's
the first thing I say when I talk about
dial OS to I'm like hey like okay like
here you can see because it measures in
granular detail pickup rate combo rates
combat offer triage rates. I'm like
cool. This person has a 90% combo rate.
Should have this top performer just
train the rest of the floor. I guess
that only works if they have some sort
of base or health incentives or come on
as a full-time.
>> Why would I train my competition
that I want as I want leverage?
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Like I want to go, hey Nick, you
have to pay me more money or what or I
go I go somewhere else. Because the
thing is with a rep,
>> if you're exceptional, you're the
unicorn
>> because you can make any environment
work.
>> Mhm.
>> Like I don't even need leads, bro.
>> Yeah.
>> If you give me access to any one of the
CRM on any one of your offers, I'll
clean up.
>> I'll just [ __ ] do these ones. I'll
make I'll make eight sales a week just
doing that. And you know, you know what
I used to do? I I used to set it up so
after I used to know I used I ranked all
the reps, right, from best to worst. And
I had a follow-up system of all their
leads, right? Because I knew that guy
could not overcome a money objection to
save his [ __ ] life. So if it was
marked as a money objection, I was like,
"Wow, I got that guy easy, right?" So I
would just go in and I was like I knew
the rule. I was like, "What's the rule
once once that person is no long like
like how many days post, right? Can we
call?" And there's like 14 days. It's
like, "Boom. Hey, what's going on?" I
was on every single person. You know
what I mean? Because like I'm not here
to make friends. I'm here to make money.
>> I love that, too. Um, that happened at
New Reach a few years ago. I forget who
it was. I wasn't even mad because there
was no rule in place. He just figured
out he could SMS broadcast everyone's
leads and broadcasted 2,000 leads at one
time that weren't his.
and just asked to hop on a call with
him. And I was like, well, we never
thought about just particularly saying
he's like, I didn't change the lead
ownership. They still own the lead. And
I was like, well,
>> I just own the coms.
>> They want to talk to me. What What do
you want me to say no to your clients?
>> Right.
>> Well, that's
Yeah, it's it's it's you know, it's And
again, it's different like and when I'm
a manager, like it's different. And if
I'm, you know, build the team
camaraderie, it's all different. You
make yourself available and you want to
do things and you want the whole team to
win. But it's like,
>> the managers are usually on performance.
>> Yeah. And but, but if you're about to go
into free agency,
>> right? You know what I mean? And Steph
Curry's next to you or you can drain an
open three. I'm draining an open three
>> because I'm about to go into free
agency.
>> So, I'm looking at my value,
>> you know? And it's like you have to
understand how reps think and how really
good reps think. Which is why like if
you identify an exceptional rep. You
need to like figure out first of all we
can't optimize any metrics off this
person.
>> Mhm.
>> Because they're unique. They're uniquely
gifted, right? I'm a uniquely gifted
sales. There are people that are as good
as me, but like I'm very effective. And
I remember having a conversation with a
business owner like I was like do not
optimize off me. I was like, "If you do,
you'll go broke because the moment I
leave because I'm not here forever,
right?" I was like, "You know, like,
then you're going to go broke and I I
like you. I want you to do really well.
I'm going to sell living crap out of
this thing, but in eight months I'll get
bored and I'll go somewhere else."
>> I was like, "That's the way it works."
>> How do you solve the boredom issue for
top sales reps?
>> I never did. I sold two reps. I always
sold two offers at once. Always.
So you just you just let them spread
their wings. It's like it's like,
>> bro, if they're special, they're
special, you know? Like it's rare to
find someone who can just make [ __ ]
happen and make sales and get referrals
and just have a crazy ROI. Like, you
know, it's like I remember uh we had
this issue once and they wanted our top
rep, they wanted to suspend him for not
doing admin and being asked over and
over again. And I was like, "Yeah, cool.
So, this guy makes us 400 grand a month
and you want to suspend him for two
weeks costing me $200,000 because you
can't get him to do your admin.
>> I go, "How about I just fire you,
>> right? And get somebody who can do their
admin. Get someone who can get or just
do it for them."
>> I go, "Or we hire a VA for like 1,500
bucks a month to do it for them. What do
you reckon? Either we lose 200 grand,
you get fired, or I hire a VA. Which one
do you think we should do? It's like
>> that's great.
>> Make the choice, buddy. You know,
because it's a stupid thing. Like the
dude's not going to do it and
whatever.
>> Yeah.
>> Like why why are we fighting this? Why
don't we just like what what are we
doing? You know, like people who are
really good at sales are terrible at
admin.
>> Yeah.
>> It is what it is.
>> Let's just lean in, you know,
>> and just like let him do his thing. Who
gives a [ __ ]
>> right? Let's not create ego monsters,
right? But like, you know, it's like uh
am I going to like, you know, like what
do I want to I want people to do that? I
want exceptional sales reps. And there's
a cost to that. Like, you know, when you
get an all-star on your team, James
Harden comes on your team, you know, or
LeBron James is on your team, you don't
run that team. LeBron James runs that
team,
>> right? Like it is what it is, you know?
So, I think it's just an interesting
thing. It's the same with like when I
was in SF, it was like the shooter
versus admin. You know what I mean? It
was like the shooter gets what the
shooter needs.
>> I don't give a [ __ ] if it's 2 a.m. or
like if it's a weird request. Like if
they walk in and go, I need this. You go
like you give it to them.
>> Yeah. That reminds me the last the We're
making a lot of basketball references
here. The Last Dance uh documentary when
Dennis Rodman just got to go to for 48
hours in Las Vegas just randomly in the
season. He needed it.
>> He needed it.
>> You want 19 rebounds a night? He let go
to Vegas.
>> Same thing. Yeah, exactly.
Reality.
>> No, there's a there's a difficult in
understanding that because you know a
lot of managers in particular are not
that unique high performer, but a unique
high performer like they're geared in
particular ways. Like I don't want to be
married to a gold medalist. That'd be
horrible,
>> right? They got to do gold medalist
things and getting up at 2 am and, you
know, praying 18 hours a day. Like that
sounds terrible.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, so like I couldn't imagine
being married to me, right? I love
arguing. I love it. It's a dopamine hit,
>> right?
>> Yeah. No doubt.
>> Yeah. Um but yeah, man, we've been going
for a while, but um I really appreciate
the chat. Um, I got I got to go to some
meetings and I'm sure you have to go as
well.
>> But, uh, this is fun, dude.
>> It's been fun.
>> Weaponized autism.
>> Weaponize autism. Drop drop autism in
the chat if you guys like this.
>> All right. Not like nonverbal, but like,
you know, the fun type.
>> The fun type. The type fun.
>> Exactly. Exactly. All right, dude. Well,
thanks so much, man. Um, yeah, it was
great to chat. We should do this again.
>> Yeah, we should. Appreciate you.
>> Yeah. All right, brother. Have a good
bite to
