When you're good at sales, people look
at you as an ATM. I was $100,000 a month
commission only sales rep. One of very
few in the space that's ever achieved
that over a decent period of time. I had
a 2-year-old. My wife was pregnant. I
had $4,000 total. I had no job cuz I
just quit. And that position was
terrifying. But if I want to sound more
concerned, it's like, "Hey man, how are
you? Like, what have you been doing
today?" And from like that moment on, I
was like, "Oh, I do it now." Everything
changed. I was like, "I do everything
now and I do it super aggressively and
like I will refuse to be in the position
I'm in right now. People have got money
and there's a lot of money everywhere
and when you're in sales you can just go
and get it.
Matt Ryder. Hello. The sniper.
That's me. Some have called me the
world's best. Yeah. Not often, but it
has happened. Many confirmed kills. A
few. More than you can. Definitely.
Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Um mate, you've
got a you got an interesting story.
Yeah. Some would say pretty interesting,
I think. Yeah. Well, I'm 41 now, so I
mean, you can't tell. Yeah. Since you
moved to Kensington, you look younger. I
haven't moved there yet. I'm on the way.
I want to cover off your story, and then
I also want to cover off how you got
into sales, how anyone can essentially
get into sales if they have, you know,
the right the right will. Um, I guess
the earning capacity from that. Then
we're going to touch on some real estate
stuff as well. Yeah, I can walk you
through like everything I did. And I
think I wasn't good at sales. You are
now. I am. I'm I'm okay. Um, my team
thinks I'm terrible at sales now after
you spoke at our retreat. I mean,
compared to me, you were.
Although, although it's funny, right,
cuz like there's a lot of I guess these
days like snobbery in sales cuz like but
the only measure the only measure of a
sales rep is how many sales they make.
And so by that measure, you're a [ __ ]
monster. You know what I mean? Like, and
there's so many different types of sales
people. And you're a charismatic,
heavily influential kind of like product
knowledge salesperson. So, you're in it,
you love it, you're passionate. That's
non-ransferable,
right? It's a non-ransferable type of
sale. Um, meaning other people couldn't
do what I do because they're not me or
Yeah. Well, because like you are selling
as you you're you're confident. You know
what I mean? Um, you know, through
seemingly no reason. Yeah. Right.
Um, but like you you you know it, you
live it, you breathe it, and you take
the action. So, like you pull people
along with you. Yeah. Exactly. Um, and
then there are people that, you know,
and that's really good when you're
selling something that you really know,
that you're really passionate about, but
for like a sales like a professional
saleserson that can bounce around and
sell all different things, that doesn't
that's not like a super applicable way
of selling because you you have to sort
of live and breathe it. And if I want to
come in and act like I live and breathe
it and seem like I live and breathe it,
I have to sell in a little bit of a
different way. Cuz I could go into here
and I'd be the top guy. I could go over,
you know, on Handler's team and be the
top guy. I could go and sell at a bank
and be the top guy, you know, cuz you
got to you can figure it out. It's like
a different way of doing it, which is
that new like I mean, I'm assuming most
people have seen this like high ticket
closing thing, right? It's like go and
learn how to sell, go and learn the
skills of being a great salesperson and
then try and hop around to different
offers and make heaps of cash. Yeah. I
mean, the irony is that everyone in that
space is comically garbage. You know
what I mean? And it's because they never
actually had to sell anything. So, like
when I was in I was in the military and
then when I got out, I became a personal
trainer. Right. You have two roads
legally. It's copper personal trainer.
Those are your only options, right? Or
hitman or something. Exactly. Right.
Yeah. I was actually offered um I was
offered poaching poachers in in Africa,
right? And you were paid by the head.
Literally, you had to present the head
to the So, people who are trying to uh
take out the elephants, you take out
them. And I was like, yeah, but they're
probably just trying to feed their
families. You know what I mean? I was
like, if it was me or a lion, if I guess
like kill a lion or feed your family,
hot take. I'm killing the [ __ ] lion.
I don't give a [ __ ] Like, [ __ ] you.
Right. I'll kill everyone in this room
to feed my kids. Right. So, you Yeah,
you right. And so, like I was like,
"No." And then I got offered like um
shooting camels in Northern Territory,
you know, cuz like I was like helicopter
qualified and so there's no Well, like
camels [ __ ] Oh, man. There's like
many camels. There's herds of millions
of bald camels out there just in the
middle of [ __ ] nowhere right there.
So, they just got to just the government
pays to have them [ __ ] slaughtered.
If you didn't know that, that's where
your tax dollars are going. There you
go. Yeah. And I was afraid of all kinds
of weird stuff and I sort of made a
distinct decision. I didn't want to
spend my life with a gun in my hand
because, you know, I was in special
operations and I was in snipers and so I
was good at that, but I was like, this
is not a fulfilling thing. And as I've
gotten older, I've realized, you know,
we're probably the best. There's more to
life. There's more to life than killing
people. Yeah. Exactly. But the
interesting thing is regardless if you
were in special ops or you were, you
know, in retail or whatever it was, you
essentially made that switch from being
on what essentially was a fixed income.
I mean, you got paid different amounts
to do different things obviously. Um,
and then you moved into an industry
where you have an unlimited earning
potential. Yeah. And and PT is I think
uh fitness is a really good like first
foray into that um because it's like a
huge TAM. You know, it's one of the only
things you can sell people more than
once. You know, there's new people that
need it every day and there's just a
constant demand and it's sort of
recession proof in a way. Team is total
addressable market, which means there's
lots of fat people that you can sell.
There are there are there's more every
day, right? McDonald's is just turning
them out and then you can resell them
when they get skinny. Yeah. You know,
and they go and get fat again. Yeah. And
like, you know, Yeah. And you there's
different niches and goals and you can
sort of have a huge clientele and your
hourly rate is outrageous for like the
you know, you do an 8week course with AF
or whatever and you can charge 100 bucks
an hour. I mean to be a tradey to get to
charge 100 bucks an hour like you you
have to be qualified at the [ __ ] house
to get that whereas you know being a PT
is one of the easiest ways to live at
the beach and make 100k a year you know
and so I did that and then sort of
realized I was like okay so I went down
the education path realized that the
better I got it didn't really equate to
onetoone of like getting more business I
would hold the business but I didn't get
it and then when I opened my own gym I
thought like if you build it they'll
come type thing and they just didn't and
so we had to figure You didn't just open
the doors and people just walk in? No.
No. No. You're the guy that got offered
to shoot the camels. I even like was
like dressed up in a in a in like a
gorilla suit in Bono Junction like
giving out body assessments, right? Like
just that was the point where like [ __ ]
I should have taken the camel job.
Exactly. I was just like Jesus. Oh, how
the mighty have fallen. And so um yeah,
so did all that and then I was like did
some courses on like sales and
marketing. I love the marketing side. I
was really into it. So I had a business
partner and so I was like, "Hey, you do
the sales. sort of the marketing. So, I
did all the meta ads and all that kind
of stuff. And then from there, as it
grew, we sort of both had to go into the
sales. And I was terrible at it. I just
didn't like it. I think it was because I
had a distinct lack of like empathy cuz
I'm sort of like uh my tendency is sort
of more sociopathic, which is why I was
sort of in the job that I was having
kids and getting older, I've like
softened a lot. So, I like I feel
feelings now, you know? I'm sort of like
I actually have some emotion around.
You're less less so packet. Whereas back
then I was like, "What do you mean?"
but you're fat. You know, it's like it
wasn't like the most motivating sales
style. And then, you know, over the over
the course of time, I sort of like when
you're a sniper, you have your data and
you make all your adjustments based off
data. And if you don't know your data in
that world, you're a total piece of
[ __ ] Like, people hate you. And so, I
was like, "Oh, okay. If I'm going to do
this, I'll write down everything that
happens and then I'll try and find the
patterns." So, you've got like
interchangeable skills essentially,
right? Like what sort of data are you
tracking as a sniper? the Oh, well, I
mean, like if you're going to do like a
cold barrel shoot, you know, facing
directly north, you know, and and it's
it's a high elevation, it's cold. It's a
very different shot than facing south,
low elevation, high humidity because
like there's a lot of factors that
affect the bullet, the gun, you know,
like if the barrel's cold, the
propellant doesn't go as fast so that
the bullet doesn't go as fast so it
drops earlier. You know what I mean?
Like obviously, right? Yeah. Like [ __ ]
You know, but if you're trying to shoot
someone in the face at, you know, 1500
meters, like there's not a lot of error,
right? So, man, I can't shoot I was
using a gun once at in Tamworth at
Emma's cousin's property and we had cans
on rocks literally like 20 m away.
Couldn't do it. Well, you know, not
everyone's built to be I wasn't wasn't
tracking my data. That's the issue. It's
a coal barrel.
Yeah. I think the SN the scope was out
or something. Yeah. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
A good cross and flames are tools.
That's the way it works. It definitely
doesn't shoot straight. It's the dialer.
Yeah.
Um, so yeah, so you know, I went through
and I started tracking stuff. Then I
started was going, okay, like I need to
know how many sales I want to make, how
many conversations I need to have and
you just sort of go down to like the
activity requirement and so I just
started doing that and then as we grew
and I went into a partnership and ended
up being a partner like 18 gyms. Um, my
job was just to like basically go into
the new gyms and then grow them uh
quickly and then get out and then do it
again. So all I did was sell eight hours
a day, right? There was five, six days a
week on the phone. I used to get a CSV
file emailed to me and it was like
stupid targets. It was like 40% lead to
sale. Like that was the actual target
which is very high. It's like insane.
The contact hours is like one. Yeah. But
like like Yeah. And we I didn't know how
stupid it was and like none of us did
cuz we're all kind of flying by the seat
of our pants, you know, and and so we
ended up doing that and then I sort of
just cracked the shits with it because
there were decisions being made that I
didn't agree with. And then I would just
like [ __ ] this, I'm out. And then I
started like a sales agency for gyms.
And so that kind of grew out. And then I
was doing like I was doing the sales for
gyms around the world. So I was time
zone hopping. I was working, you know,
16 17 hours a day. So like a done for
you sales model essentially like Yeah.
They would generate the leads, send them
to me, and I would call them. And I was
like using Skype and all kinds of random
[ __ ] And I was just kind of like trying
to figure it out. That grew really fast
because there's a real need for it. And
then I just started doing more and more
and more sales. know when I got into the
high ticket world I had done, you know,
8 years of full-time selling by the by
and the difference for people who don't
know like high ticket sales essentially
just means you're you're selling an
expensive product. You're selling air,
you know, you're selling information,
right, which is like valuable
information, but the value of which is
completely subjective. Yeah. And and
based on somebody implementing it and
all that kind of stuff. So, you know,
you got a $30,000 business coaching
package where you're going to get access
to a course, a PDF, and you know, a good
mindset, right? So, you know, you learn
how to sell that and it's although it's
valuable because you can get tremendous
returns from it. Like, you know, I paid
my sales coach like the first I paid him
40,000 bucks. I had 50 grand in the bank
and I remember my wife going to me go,
"Where the [ __ ] my money going?" And I
was like, "Oh, I gave it to this dude
named Jeremy. I feel like it's going to
work out." I was just like, "All right,
you seem good at this." It worked out
though, right? Yeah, it worked out. I
mean, implementation though. Yeah, you
got to do it. Um, but you know, like all
that, it's just about time and you know,
longevity and seeing the patterns and
being able to figure it out to get
really good at sales. But, you know,
most of the time you can be a really
successful sales rep by being pretty dog
[ __ ] on the phone. You can just like
hustle the living bees out. Just be
consistent. Just be just do the work
eight work eight hours a day. Like, it's
revolutionary [ __ ] you know? Hard
stuff. But like that's one of the things
you can make a shitload of money in
sales even if you're not super gifted if
you are just willing to work a full day.
Because the difference between sales I
suppose and other roles is that if you
work 8 hours a day in your plumbing gig
or as a you know person in the defense
force you get paid for 8 hours a day
regardless if you sit down and do
nothing or you are a hustler. Yeah.
Where in a sales world you're paid
essentially on outcome. You might get a
small base but you're not going to make
much money if you do nothing. And
generally if you do nothing, you know,
you're not getting any actions or doing
any actions. It's a high risk, high
reward, right? And so, and for me, I've
always turned bases down. One of the
first sales guy I ever like I didn't get
it. And so I remember I just houndounded
the guy and I was like, "Hey, how much?"
I end up after like two weeks of like
meounding this dude. I said, "How much
do you pay for a sales call?" He said,
"400 bucks." I said, "I'll give you $400
for everyone I don't close." And he was
like, "Well, I mean, that's all right.
How's that for an irresistible offer?"
Yeah. And it was a $2,000 commission for
a $30,000 sale. And I made six in the
first week. So you're essentially
working out like if I close one, that
pays for five that I don't close. Yeah.
Yeah. And I wasn't planning on not
closing anybody. So, right. So I was
like, I made six sales and made $12,000
commission the first week. And I was
like,
"Oh, oh [ __ ] this is different."
Because I was used to selling fitness
programs, you know, and making 50 bucks
a sale. How did you make the transition
though like to go from being in the
defense force to then going straight
into sales? Like what did that look like
for people? It was it was the PT
component, right? So I kind of learned,
you know, the PT molded. I was sort of
selling full-time before I realized I
was a sales rep. Like cuz I just kind of
fell into that role because nobody was
doing it in the company and I was like,
well, someone's got to [ __ ] be the
dude who's responsible for this. And I
was like, it might as well be me. So
essentially like to think about it in in
a way if you're a mechanic for example
you take your car into the mechanic shop
that the the mechanic obviously fixes
your car but they also have then a sales
portion of their role which is like hey
there's a neworn in your Johnson ro got
to replace the whole engine got to get
the new new brake pads yeah like that's
the sales portion of the role which is
essentially you in PT right like you
were actually training people and then
you know I'm assuming there was the
upsells to the supplements and the
[ __ ] hey you should you should train
five times a instead of three times a
week. You just learn that you actually
get like, you know, it's like with
exercise, if you do it, it'll work. I
don't care what you do. If if you just
move more and like eat healthier, you'll
be a healthier, fitter person. Yeah. And
so it's why like people who [ __ ] on
Fitness Enforcers is like, man, how many
people are you helping, right? Like with
your [ __ ] four clients down at Club
Valley Beach, [ __ ] You know
what I mean? Like you're [ __ ]
changing the world, dude. It's true.
Yeah, but you know how to Olympic lift.
Well done to you. you know, and so if
you're looking at like helping the the
most amount of people, if you can have a
small impact on those people and just go
like, "Hey, how about you just stop
drinking yourself to death every
weekend, like that's a huge positive."
So sales will get you a lot further than
that than what being a really skilled
coach will because people don't need a
highly skilled coach for anything 90% of
the time. They just need someone who's
like they respect enough to actually
start doing some things to take action
and Yeah. Exactly. And so sales is that
transition from doing nothing to doing
something. And that's kind of I I I like
that role. It's a good place to be. Like
I'm not going to pretend like I'm here
to [ __ ] help and change the world.
No. Right. But I like doing that part.
It's a good catalyst. Getting someone
out of essentially doing nothing to to
taking action and then the fulfillment
part of that then goes on to someone
else.
Tell the story that that you told us at
at retreat around um around you were
selling in the gyms and this was like
the thing that changed the mindset of
like you you met with this person. It
sort of I was always thought sales was a
bit icky, you know, and I remember this
big uh fat dude came in and he was like
I don't know he's like 100 he's like 50
kilos overweight and he's telling me
he's like I need to lose weight and I
was like yeah sweet you need this much
weight loss going to cost this much
money he's and he sort of gave me he's
like oh I just got to go and like work
out the times and I was like man the
time was like 10 40 kilos ago that was
the time now it's like let's do this you
know and he was sort of like oh yep yep
sweet I'll get I'll get back to you and
I'm going to go think about it and only
thought about was [ __ ] donuts, right?
Um, and so he left there and he's like,
"Fuck that guy." And I saw him like 6
months later and the dude was like 70
kilos overweight and I was like, "Uh,
that was just my inability because that
person had shown the glimmer of
motivation cuz he was there, right? He
was there." And it was like my job was
to create the argument of, "Hey, how
about you do something to not die as
fast, right? You get one life, like
let's let's live it, champ, right?" And
I couldn't do that. So I was like, "Oh,
[ __ ] me." Like that's that's on me. That
dude has [ __ ] habits. That 20 kilos is
my 20 kilos, you know, that he put on.
Exactly. Like that's my habit. Cuz like
I was a fat kid, right? I was told it
was my genetics and all that kind of
stuff and all these other things like my
parents sort of still believe to this
day, right? Then they point to the
auntie that's not related to me by
blood, right? You know what I mean? All
the, you know, but like they you sort of
tell yourself stories, right? And so I
was like, "Oh, that's on me." And so I
was like, I need to get better at
convincing these people. And and me
showing off my, you know, my technical
prowess with training is not going to do
that because that's not ultimately like
what matters to them. And so I I started
going down the road of I want to get
better at sales and convincing people to
actually start and influence, right?
Like that's influencing people. And
that's I think what you said before
around like sales generally is looked as
like ah [ __ ] the sleazy salesperson,
right? Like the car salesman, the real
estate agent, whatever it is. But I
think in that example that that person
genuinely needed someone to be like,
"Hey, you're a fat motherfucker." Or
whatever it is, you need to do something
because if you don't, the outcome is
death before 50. You know, and I think
especially with something like fitness,
it's a good place to start because man,
I'd love people to argue with me in the
comments, but like, you know, there is
no there's no downside to going to the
gym and eating a bit healthier, you
know? You you can argue sales coaching
programs, you can argue whatever. like
you know and I don't think people should
use sleazy sales tactics but I think one
of the best things about sales is you
never have to lie and it's like it's
state the facts tell the truth it's a
very freeing experience and I like that
because I'm very forthright and I I I
tell the truth and uh if people like it
fantastic and I think you present it in
a in a in a respectful way but I think
if someone is doing something that is
antithetical to what they want you know
then you should tell them and they
should have the opportunity to either oh
I'll course correct or like, well, [ __ ]
it. And then it's like, well, you really
don't want it anyway. That's right. So,
at least admit to yourself that you
don't want it or you're like, you want
to want it and you haven't hit rock
bottom because you have to touch the
oven to know it's hot. What do you What
have you seen the best transitions from
careers into sales are? Cuz you've
worked with [ __ ] I don't know,
thousands and thousands of sales people
around, right? Yeah. Fitness is a good
one, right? Um, anything doortodoor,
anything where you have a high a high
touch point with people, right? Um, or
communication style of role. Yeah,
exactly. So, you know, customer service,
you know, where you have to deal with
complaints all the time and it's sort of
like, you know, I think one of the
things that makes sales difficult for
people is I think this day and age, you
know, I sound like the old guy, is
there's a distinct lack of human to
human communication. And like with like
I didn't I never had a dating app. I met
my wife. We've been together for 16
years. Right. Right. And uh so she was
21, I was 25. There was no dating apps
or nothing. And when I went out, we met
at uh at a course at at the at the at
the PT course. Ted said. Yeah. I I stood
up day one and said I was I was in the
army still. I was getting out and I was
at the course that I was doing. I said,
"Hey, my name is Matt. Uh I'm a special
forces sniper and yes, ladies, I am
single." Right. Sales right there.
Right. Sales. Smoking hot blonde was
like, "What's going on?" and we went on
our first date 3 days later, right? And
we've been we've been together ever
since. And so, you know, I think if you
don't, you know, from what I can see and
like I I see a lot of like, you know,
young sales people and they just don't
know how to speak to people. And that's
the biggest barrier. And I think that
that's also the biggest thing that can
like change your life the most is going
through that process and learning how to
speak to people and and having sort of
weird conversations. It is true. E like
when you speak to a lot of people these
days is like in person, actually meet
them. It's like really awkward. Oh,
they're horrific, you know, like what
what do I do with my hands? They don't
look at you and like and they also they
can't read what's happening, you know?
And I think a lot of that's cuz dating
apps like that's what I think because I
used to go out and like like put myself
out there and be like, "Hey, I'm Matt.
I'm a sniper. Yes, I am single." Before
you met your wife. Exactly. Yeah. And
so, but I used, you know, I used to go
over, you know, it's so funny. Guys just
don't know how to approach women. They
don't know how to, you know, um they
don't know how to present themselves as
well. They don't know how to like talk
to somebody. They don't know how to
network. Like I'm sure like when you go
to an event, like networking, you're
probably good at it, right? You go
there, you talk to people, you know, and
you just ask questions like, "Hey, I'm
Jack. What do you do?" Exactly. But you
actually have to like you actually
there's an element of like I'm going to
reach out. And so v vulnerability is
like a handshake. You only get it if you
give it. You have to reach out go hey,
I'll be vulnerable. And that's like I'll
tell you information that you don't know
about me because there's like a there
can be a power dynamic thing where now I
know info about you that you don't know
about me. And that can be kind of a
weird thing for some people. It's very
true. Yeah. And but I think you know and
if you can learn sales and you can learn
how to communicate yourself effectively,
makes you a better parent, makes you a
better partner. Um like my kids like my
my kids are being taught, they're six
and nine. If they want something and
they come to me and they're like, "I
want this." And I go, "That's not how
you ask that."
teaching them communication. I go,
"Well," I go, "What do you want?"
They're like, "I want this." And I'm
like, "Okay, so how do you get it?"
Like, figure out the puzzle, you know,
like and and communicate yourself in a
way that, you know, makes me want it,
makes me want to give it to you. Have
you seen that Chinese guy on on maybe
he's not Chinese of Asian background?
Ah, [ __ ] What's his name? Will
something and he all he talks? No, he
doesn't talk about sales. Is that what
his name is? Yeah. And he just talks
simply about communication and he talks
um heavily about like people who have
immigrated to I think he's in Australia,
isn't he? Yeah. Yeah. Um and how to like
get out of their, you know, sort of
slang that they have, you know, where
like Chinese people sound different when
they speak English to someone who's born
in Australia. Um and and how to
enunciate. Yeah. It's incredible. It's
inc. And just the way that he talks.
Yes. Makes you very engaging. Yeah. And
he seems so intelligent when all he's
doing is saying normal words but makes
them normal words sound so different.
Yeah. And just like how you present
yourself and how you say things and
people don't realize how incredibly
influential intonation is. There's a
great children's book called um uh no
Mr. Magcoo this is for you right and
it's the exact same thing. It just says
no Mr. Magcoo. No no no Magoo this is
for you. Right? And it's like Magoo is
the dog. And then it changes the
punctuation the bold and the spacing.
Right? So you can say the same thing and
then it has a different picture. But you
understand exactly what is being said by
the pitcher and the intonation of the
word. No meu, this is for you. No moo,
this is for you. Right? And so just that
intonation is like, oh, he was wondering
if that was for him. This is for you.
No, Meoo, this is for you. It's this
one. And so it's small things like that.
Like if I ask you a question like,
"Well, Jack, like why is that important
to you now, though?" Or if I go, "Well,
Jack, like why why is that important to
you now though?" that little change of
intonation, I can predict how you'll
answer it. And so I can sort of get you
to answer things in ways that I want you
to answer that's based on outcomes that
I'm looking for without it seeming like
I'm doing that. And that's can seem very
manipulative. And I guess if used in the
wrong way, it definitely could be, but
it's about being able to communicate
yourself effectively because I want you
to answer in terms of time frame. Why is
that important to you now though? And so
that slight pause cuz you grew up in a
western society, you know, I'm placing
the importance on the now and so you're
going to answer it well, you know, I've
just been thinking about doing this for
a while, you know, and so like people
are highly influential, highly
influenced in that state. And and I
think that to me is fascinating and it
means that you can go into a situation
and you can understand how to
communicate in a way where it makes
sense to get the answers that you're
looking for and get what you want. And
even goes down to, you know, um, uh,
like hotel reception, you know, you call
them helpful, label them as helpful.
Labeling is a very effective tool. Oh,
you've been so helpful. Thank you so
much. You guys are so helpful. You come
in the next day, hey,
you guys have been so helpful, but can I
ask a favor? Could I have a late
checkout? Okay. Right. Like cuz they
want to maintain the They want to be
helpful. Yeah. They want to be helpful,
you know. And so it's all these little
things that you can do to sort of
influence your way through life. And
there's lots of good people out there,
you know, never split the difference
guy. Chris was the first first sales
book I ever ever read. Yeah, it's a
great one. There's another one called
like Orin Claf, Flip the Script, who
does a lot of like large similar is it?
Yeah. Well, he talks about like you know
like different ways of of selling and
different um you know things around like
creating hyper authority really quickly
and little techniques that you can do
where if you're going to explain
something complicated, do it very fast,
right? Because the faster you do it, the
easier it is for you and then people
will sit back and go, oh [ __ ] Jack
knows what he's talking about. You know,
and so like, oh, this is such a I don't
even do that on purpose. I just talk
really quickly and people like, [ __ ]
that guy's smart. Yeah. Well, that's
that is the thing as well, you know,
like uh pacing of what you talk about
because if you talk naturally fast and
then you slow down in certain points,
you'll create an enormous effect of
importance. M and so like my normal
talking speed is a lot faster than what
I talk right now when I'm talking to you
know people that I like for examp but if
I'm if I'm not like in a presentation
like if I'm I I talk really quickly
right but in order to get my point
across I I talk in a more kind of
baseline speed so that if I talk faster
or if I talk slower it has more of an
effect and your tonality as well right
like that's one of the most important
things. Yeah. So, like if I want to
sound more curious, I can just kind of I
just talk to the back of the throat up a
little bit. Hey man, how's it going? How
are you today? You know, like what have
you been doing? Or if I want to sound
more concerned, it's like, hey man, how
are you? Like uh like what have you been
doing today? Everything all right?
Everything okay? Right. You know, so you
just talk a little bit from the bass and
you can slow it down even more. You can
go, hey man, how are you? Like what have
you been uh what have you been doing
today? And then it's sort of like, oh,
like that's very off-putting because
it's very confusing as to what I mean.
And the way that you ask something like
you you were saying before, you can say
the exact same words. Yeah. But have
different tonality. And what was you
said it was it was a different
annunciation. A different intonation.
Intonation. Yeah. Yeah. So like the in
people that didn't finish school like
me, what's that mean? Yeah. So it's like
the like, you know, if you look at it
like when you're writing it out, it'd be
like the ellipses, you know, the three
dots like for the the pausing and then
you might bold a word to put more
emphasis on it. And so when I would tell
people to write a script, for example, I
write it like that because I want to be
able to look at it and know exactly what
I'm going to say because if I'm looking
for patterns in sales and when you're
dealing with people, the difficulty is
that um like everyone will answer
differently with different words, but
they will answer in patterns. Like if I
say, why is that important to you? Now
though, the vast majority will answer
with time frame. So I have to be able to
remove the words they use and look at
the the baseline of like okay they
answered with time frame and I but I
need to be able to like uh ask
everything the same way every time to
find the pattern which is create
predictability right that's the
difficulty in sales and once you can do
that and what I did when I was like
learn when I was getting into high
ticket sales and I started making like
15k a month 20k a month I was $100,000 a
month commission only sales rep right uh
one of very few in the case that's ever
achieved that over a decent period of
time. And I went through every single
line in my script over the course of
about 6 months. And I had the intonation
perfect for every line and that would
have come from the detail orientated
style of work being sniper, right? Yeah.
Cuz I was and I sort of realized like,
oh, I've got an opportunity here. So, I
was getting paid 2,000 a sale, which is
like ridiculous. I'd never seen money
like that before. I mean, the most money
I ever made as a PT was I probably made
200 as a PT, right? Um, you know what I
mean? But then like when I was doing the
gym stuff, I was making like 80 because
it was like, you know, for the [ __ ]
equity play type thing, which never
ended up happening. So when you left
when you left the defense force, you
took a step down
in income. Well, I mean, so I took a
year off to sort of learn how to be a
human again. Yeah. And then I became a
PT and I was like pretty successful PT.
I was probably making the same money as
a PT. Um, but then when I opened the
gyms, you sort of like, you know, that
business owner mode where you're like, I
make no money in exchange for something
that may or may not ever happen. So, I
did that for a long time. Got myself
into debt. Um, you know, it cost me like
90,000 of my money on an 18% overdraft
when I when I opened the gym. That took
me a long time to climb out of that
[ __ ] hole. Yeah. And then when I left
the gyms, I sort of just walked away
from them. Um, I was still in debt from
them. And I remember this was like this
was probably seven years ago, right? So,
not that long ago when Yeah. Uh like
2018. Um and me and my wife, we had
4,000 in the bank and our rent was six,
right? Uh which is like not even a crazy
It was like a It was like a half decent
house in Kensington. Yeah. Right. Um and
it was like pretty small. That's where
the Kensington connection comes from.
Yeah. Yeah. There was tons Yeah. We had
tons of people over there. And so, uh,
my wife was pregnant with my second and,
uh, we were like, [ __ ] super broke.
Like so broke that we sold a car and
didn't pay off the finance, right? Like
there's a couple months there where I
was like, you know what I mean? Is that
car's still around? Yeah, we love that
car. I just don't drive it anymore.
Yeah. Yeah. Cuz it was like a personal
one. Anyway, and so I I I was like like
really and I was just I remember just
like having this [ __ ] conversation
with this dude cuz I was like this is
just before I left the gyms and I was
like man next year is going to be the
[ __ ] year and like but with the gyms
and he was saying the same thing and I
remember like having this oh I've had
this conversation four times
never comes and I was like oh I do it
now and from like that moment on I was
like oh I do it now everything changed I
was like I do everything now and I do it
super aggressively and like I will
refuse to not I will refuse to be in the
position I'm in right now. And that
position was terrifying. I had a
2-year-old, my wife was pregnant, uh 8
months pregnant. I had $4,000 total and
I had no job cuz I just quit, right? No
income. And I had and rent was due. And
rent was due. And I was like And I had a
car that I sold that I didn't pay off,
right? So, it was grim. It was a lot a
lot of people would be in a similar
position. Like, it's not uh it's not
unusual position. And so, I called
everyone that I knew that owned a gym.
Everyone. Um cuz I've been a gym owner
for a long time. So, like I knew people
and I was like, "Hey, I'll do your
sales." It was $375 a week base. Right.
Right. And $25 a sale. Just selling
memberships essentially. Yeah. Um, and
so I signed up like six gyms and I just
started calling the living [ __ ] out of
everybody. And then I was like, "Okay."
And so then I was like, "Well, I've
maxed out my times in Australia. I need
more work." So I was like, "Sweet. Gyms
in the US." I called friends, everyone.
So essentially like you're working say 8
till 5 or 8 till 6:00 in Australia and
then uh and then I was working till like
midnight in the US. Yeah. Yeah. And then
UK as well. So cuz the time zone. So, I
was doing the sales for like maybe eight
different gyms myself, right? And I was
doing like 2 hours a day per gym, making
about two to three sales per day per
gym. I was pretty good at it. I could do
a sale in 15 minutes. And so, I just did
that and then that got me sort of out of
a hole. I then we then moved I bought my
parents' house off them at like an arms
length transaction. Um, so basically it
was 710,000 for a giant house in Perth,
right? You know what I mean? It was
1,000 square meter block pretty close to
Kensington. Yeah. Yeah. And so because
we just couldn't afford Sydney, like
couldn't afford it. And so um managed to
get like a second tier lender. It was
Arms Land. So my parents were like
basically they funded the deposit
essentially. Yeah. Um and and so I
bought it off them and then from there
that gave them that freed up to then
downsize a bit and then I had a private
mortgage with them. Uh and then from
there that sort of gave me the freedom
to where my bills were significantly
reduced. I had a house, so I was in the
market. So, I was like, "Sweet. This
sort of ticks a few boxes." Yeah. And it
gave me the freedom to work 18 hours a
day and sort of not have the enormous
financial stress of just having to pay
bills because I like I I figured I could
make enough money to get that done.
Maybe not pay tax, you know what I mean,
on time, but I could figure that out.
And then over the course of Yeah, you
got great people anyway. Yeah. Yeah.
They're super super awesome people. Love
you. Um and uh and so and then from
there over the course of the next year I
got the business to about 200,000 a
month. And this was essentially just you
doing done for you sales for other gyms.
Yeah. Well, I transitioned out of the
gyms about halfway through that after
that guy paid me $12,000 for a week. I
fired every gym immediately. Right. And
I was like now I do this. And I went to
high ticket sales and that's where I
started sort of doing that. And I that's
when I hired Jeremy as a sales coach and
then he asked me to Is Jeremy a sales
coach? Yeah. Yeah. He's the guy who gave
40 grand. um you know for he said
Jeremy. I wasn't going to ask a question
but there you go. Yeah. And so and then
he asked me to be his sales guy and I
was like yep. And then he asked me to be
CEO and then he asked me to be a
business partner and by the time that
happened Sales Sniper was doing a
million a month which was the business
that you ended up doing
before and Sales Sniper kept going.
Sales Sniper got up to about 2 and a
half million a month. Right. Um and at
at its peak between seventh level and
sales sniper was about five or six
million a month between the two of them.
It's a big operation. Big operation. and
I was running both. Um I was still like
the sort of main sales guy on on on
sales sniper selling all the accounts
and then um transitioned out and sort of
focused on seventh level and then sold
that back to Jeremy at the end of 23 and
then started the the dialer um of which
we use. Yeah. Dollario happened, right?
Which is connect rates through the roof.
Through the roof you guys are 87% for
the month. So the the transition from
broke living in Kensington sold the car
to you know multi-million dollar a month
business was relatively short like yeah
four or five years and I guess that's
the power of sales right or or a
business in which you are in control of
the outcome. The more you put in, the
more you get. Well, it was sales. It was
because like, you know, so like because
I was good at sales and I But I was only
good at sales because I worked harder
than all the other sales reps. And it
would have been a like element of
desperation, right? Oh, man. When you
got no money, you're like, "What the
[ __ ] I do." Yeah. I mean, I knew I
could do hard things. Like I was special
operations. I was like, "I know that if
I like my wife said to me when when I
paid $40,000 to Jeremy." She was like,
"I know that whatever you do, if you do
it 100%, you'll kill it." So, it go She
goes, "Do whatever you need to do and
I'll take care of the rest." And so, I
was like, "Sweet." She was like, "I
trust you." And I was like, "Okay, cool.
Like, that's all I need. My wife trusts
me. Like, she's got this. She's got the
kids. Like, I will." And I was like,
"Sweetie, I'm going to work 18 hours a
day for the next year, and you just have
to be okay with that." And she's like,
"Don't worry, I got you." And we we we
talked about it. We had the
conversation. And so I worked literally
18 hours a day. I would I I would I
would work until about midnight, 1:00
a.m., and then I would like wake up at
like, you know, 5 or 6, and then I would
start work again. And then I'd have like
an hour, hour and a half break in the
middle of the day. Have a sleep, have
some food, get back into it. And then I
would take like from 5 to 7 off and
that's when I would like time with the
kids and then I would get back in the
office at seven, work till a midnight 1
a.m. go to bed and that was doing calls
in another time zone essentially. Yeah.
Cuz I was doing stuff all over the world
and I said if I do this right I think
that I can put such I think I can build
so much brand momentum that like nobody
will be able to stop me and there was no
competition in terms of like dudes who
could do what I could do. And so I just
kind of went for it and started doing
content and talking about the things
that I was doing. And then, you know,
started getting outreach and I, you
know, my first big client was Vince
Donte, big old OG in the fitness space.
My next big client was Ryan Sand. So I
ran his sales team for three years and
I'm friends with Ryan. Like I mean, as
as much as you can be friends with with
Ryan, busy, he's a busy guy. I mean, I
talked to him two weeks ago, right, on
the phone. Um, and then when he comes to
Australia, like we have dinner, you
know, but I've worked with him for three
years. He's a [ __ ] you know, savage.
Oh, mate. Like when I is is when I
realized I'll never be as wealthy as him
was when I start is when I met him. I
was like, "Oh, I'm not willing to do
that." Like that's you can have that.
Like that's crazy. Um but he's a savage.
He's a great dude. And then I started
getting like, you know, when you're good
at sales, people look at you as an ATM
cuz cuz when you're running a business,
the reality is sales is the most
important thing. I mean, marketing
brings in leads to sell, but without
sales, you don't have an organization.
Whether you have a sales team or whether
you have a product that, you know, sells
itself essentially through a click of a
button, without it, it's the the
lifeblood of a business. Yeah. And so I
just ended up getting phone calls from
everyone like uh everyone in that sort
of space, you know, I've worked with
I've worked with the Hormosis, I've
worked with um Brunson and Bradley and
all these dudes and I've sort of looked
at things in backends and fixed things
and sort of worked sales because, you
know, I've done a lot more sales than
most people because I was a full-time
rep for a long time. Yeah. And not many
dudes who are in that sort of industry
were ever actually really a full-time
rep. They sort of might have done it for
a year or two and then transitioned
teaching running the business or
teaching. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Right. So
it's interesting. So, if you were, you
know, the the person today who I always
harp on, grow your income, grow your
income, grow your income, you grow your
income, you know, to many millions a
month. Um, what's the transition look
like? If you aren't a guy that's in
fitness, for example, or someone who's
got the sales background, like I was in
construction, I wanted to start a
business, but the transition to that
business was to become essentially a
saleserson. I was a buyers agent, had to
sell the services. That is the best way
to do it. Yeah. So, so to transition out
of your role into a business where or a
role where you're doing some selling.
Yeah, I think if you can learn on the
job, I think it's fantastic. So, if you
can and you're gonna have to be the guy
doing the sales for a while and so you
might as well learn that skill set.
Yeah. Doesn't mean you have to go deep.
I don't think anyone should you need to
go deep in the matrix on selling unless
you're going to be a full-time sales
guy. But if you're going to be the sales
guy for your business, you will
eventually transition out of that. So,
you need to be good enough to be able to
teach people when they come in. Exactly.
Um, and so I I think that going into a
business that's like the business of
which you want to run because, you know,
you want to know if you like it first
and foremost. If you don't like it, it's
going to be very difficult. And then
from there, just like be excellent. And
being excellent doesn't mean that you
start off getting an amazing outcome. It
means that you start off doing all the
activities and doing the things required
of someone who was excellent, you know,
like Steph Curry is Steph Curry because
he was willing to be Steph Curry before
that was cool, you know, and and then
continue that activity. And I I think
like the you know the reason why you
know it's probably a bit of a
controversial take but mo most people
are not successful just because they
just don't give a [ __ ] enough to be that
and it's it's so life isn't [ __ ] enough
to take the action to get out of that
[ __ ] position. Right. Yeah. And like you
know I understand that like some people
are born on third base and they hit a
home run. It's it's a bit easier, right?
You still got to hit a home run, you
know? So you still have to do the action
required. You still got to get up to the
plate and you got to swing. Yeah. Yeah.
You know, I think a lot of people from
what I can see, it's like they think
they have more time than what they do.
And my best friend died in 2010 in a
helicopter crash. His name's Benjamin
Chuck. And I remember like that rocked
me to the core cuz like I remember
getting the phone calls in Westfield.
And I like collapsed, right? Cuz I was
like, it was just, you know, you're in
your 20s. And yeah, I've had people die
before cuz the military, but like when
he died, it was really, it really
affected me cuz it was sort of like the
closest person to I lived with him for
four or five years, you know, and then I
get a phone call. He goes over the gam.
We had a [ __ ] huge argument like
[ __ ] you know, young dudes do. And
then he died and I never got a chance to
make it right. And that was [ __ ] And
that sat with me for a long time. And I
remember, you know, like he was a great
dude and he didn't get a chance to keep
going. And I was like, "Oh, I don't want
to be a piece of shit." And it was like,
if you think you have time, the reality
is you really don't. You can I can walk
out of here today and get hit by a bus.
Like, so, and they [ __ ] drive faster
here. They do, mate. This is a dangerous
place, right? This the [ __ ] streets
of Po, mate. You know what I mean?
Right. Right. Um, and uh, you know, I
think people are sort of throwing this
opportunity away. You know, there's just
the the the sheer stats of you even
being alive are incredibly low. And it
sounds like a like a, you know, trope or
whatever at this point, but it really
is, you know, I think Gary Vee talks
about it. They worked it out. It was
like one one in 400 trillion or
something. Dude, you don't get a second
go. I mean, listen, maybe you're Hindi
and you think you do, whatever, right?
But like you like in your consciousness
you you don't like you don't get round
to. So if you're like waiting for
something like I just don't know what
you're waiting for. Like are you waiting
for the universe to present the
opportunity like they already have? You
know like the doors are unlocked mate.
just kind of got to go through them and
it is hard and you probably won't
succeed the first few times but you know
and I'm not saying that everyone can go
out there and be a [ __ ] billionaire
but you can and success I think is a you
know is a weird metric because like if
you wanted to be the world's greatest
father like that would be a huge success
you know and but you have to pick a
thing that you want to be good at
especially men I think because like
we're so driven by purpose you know and
the younger you do it the easier it is
because the less life baggage you have
yeah you can take swings literally yeah
you know like I had to take a swing with
a child, a pregnant wife, uh you know,
debt and you know, but when I wanted to
be special
operations, I just told everyone to go
[ __ ] themselves. And like I was like,
I'm not like I remember I would like
speak to girls and like I was like, oh,
I don't want a
girlfriend. I was like I am single in a
sniper, but not Oh, no. I was just like
I was like, I have courses to do and
you're not as important as that.
So like I have a singular focus and
nothing else matters. But I have no
obligations to anyone. Pretty hard to
say that when you got a wife and a kid,
right? Yeah, exactly. Going your kids.
Come, mate. [ __ ] I got a [ __ ] quart
tomate, dude. You know, and so you can
you can take these swings and you can do
things that I think are are pretty cool.
And if you just realize that like you're
probably going to die and it's probably
like, you know, going to be sooner than
what you think. Um, you know, cuz
everyone thinks they're going to live
forever, you know. And with my high
level of income and advanced money
sciences, 245, 250 is possible, right?
But let's hope. Yeah. Right. But I mean
those [ __ ] buses, that's the really
the only thing they'll get you. Exactly
right. But yeah, so you know, just do
[ __ ] And and I think even if you you
know, you swing and you miss, at least
you had a swing. And the best thing
about sales as well is that it it
literally transfers into everything
else, you know, like cuz sales is really
just the transfer of of confidence and
it's and it's communication like you
said, which then does go into starting
your own business, which then does go
into, you know, heading up someone
else's organization for example.
Exactly. Um, so it opens up the doors to
so many other things. Yeah. And I think,
you know, and there is no university
degree for sales. There is no formal
education. There's no barrier of entry.
You you can be literally anyone. And
I've got I've had dudes with crazy thick
accents and, you know, and uh, you know,
sell in English and do really really
well. And it's really just a case of
anyone can do it. There is not a single
person. If you have an IQ over 85,
you'll be totally fine. If you have an
IQ under 85, like you can't really be
taught anything. That's like what the
military deems as like you can't be
taught basic processes. It's more of a
liability than anything else. How do we
how do we track that as like when we
when we're employing people? I mean
you'll know you'll
know like lovely, right? No. Um but uh
it's also quite rare under 85. But you
know if you have a you know and you
don't have to be a people person, you
don't have to have the gift of the gab.
If anything, those people sort of
struggle in like to to get past certain,
you know, levels of salesdom because
they, you know, they can they try and
talk their way around it, but it's not
really how it works. Yeah. And and so,
you know, it's a process-driven activity
that anyone can learn and it makes you
better at literally everything in life
from being a parent to being a partner
because you can actually communicate
yourself well. You can ask curious
questions. You can use your tonality to
like not sound like you're angry when
you're like, "Okay, like what like what
do you mean by that?" like where like
where's that coming from? So you can
actually like and you go well you pissed
off what the [ __ ] you angry about and
you have an argument like I didn't want
to have an argument. Yeah. And so you
know it just makes everything better and
I think the transition from that into
any other field is positive and if you
meet you know most CEOs came from sales
uh you know most um most business owners
and entrepreneurs had sales roles and
the reason for that is you know you you
learn that rejection is not rejection.
If someone doesn't buy something off
you, it is not a value judgment on you
as a human. It's that they just didn't
want to give the business that you work
for money. That's that's that's the long
and the short of it. And then you
realize that people no show. It's like
it's not personal. So you stop taking
it's like the guy you use that example
the other day. It's like when the guy
cuts you off in traffic, does the guy
hate you or is he just randomly cutting
someone off in traffic? Yeah. What if he
has to take a [ __ ] You know, like you
take a [ __ ] in the car is stressful,
bro. I'll cut the [ __ ] out of anybody.
We take things personally like
everything, right? We try to give
everything a meaning when it's like
things just happen. Yeah. Things just
happen. And the awesome thing about
sales is there is just an unlimited
amount of opportunity out there. Oh man,
it's crazy. And you know it is if you're
good at sales, you're recession proof.
There there is no economic environment
in which you cannot thrive because
everything always needs to be sold.
There is something that you can sell.
Exactly. And and also like if you're
good at sales, you are always surrounded
by opportunity because it is impossible
to hide.
If you are someone who can make a
business
money, they will find you. Yeah. Like
there's no GOAT NBA player that's not in
the NBA. There's not some dude in the
backwoods of Queensland who's just like
Michael Jordan 2.0, but no one's heard
of him. It just it's not it's not
happening. Especially these days with
social media, you know, and so and and
and you can it's so easy to market
yourself. you know, you've done it
brilliantly and like I I've done it on a
smaller scale and it it's like all you
have to do is say the things you're
doing and if you say the things you're
doing for long enough, people can make a
judgment of whether you're an idiot or
whether you're good at what you do and
then Yeah. they both make you money.
Exactly. Right. You know, the idiots,
you know, whatever. It's fine. People
who hate on social media is fascinating
to me cuz like I just can't imagine the
um like I just can't imagine being
[ __ ] Could you imagine being [ __ ]
like leaving like a negative comment? I
had I did a live last night and uh 99.9%
of the comments were great, but then you
just get people in there who they just
say the dumbest [ __ ] Like it's amazing.
In short, it's like [ __ ] you. Yeah.
Like, bro, like what are you doing?
Yeah. Surely you got [ __ ] to be doing,
you know? Like I I've started like uh
I'll just like I've seen you recently
replying to people. Reply to people.
Yeah. be like, "All right, you want to
go?" Some some uh real estate agent in
Queensland, right, said he posted on my
reel, "This is retarded." And I was
like, "Oh, first of all, I love to see
this kind of bullying coming back. I'm
all about it. Second of all, game on,
[ __ ] Let's see if you can
last." So, I went in and commented on
like every photo. This is [ __ ]
right? And I was like, I will not block
you. I will not delete a comment. Say
whatever you want. You can't say
anything to me. I haven't said six in
front of a mirror, [ __ ] like
it. No one hates me more than me, right?
So, but it's commitment. It's like just
just, you know, but I like I like
calling people out. And when I sell
dialer, I'll be even worse. The worst,
right? I'll be the worst. Rich,
arrogant, and good at sales. Yeah. And
then I think, you know, and and sales is
it's a lot of fun. And then you can
transition to things like property and
you can actually do things that build
wealth, you know, cuz income only gets
you so far. Yeah. You know, like wealth
buildinging strategies
are, you know, I think it's one of the
things that like when I speak to like
young entrepreneurs the most, I'm like,
"What are you doing with your money?"
And they're like, "Fucking Lambo." I'm
like, "Yeah, cool. Good luck with that,
dude." You know, um cuz you got into
real estate early. Like you you
obviously went out of the house. I
bought an apartment, which is probably a
mistake, but like but gave it a crack
when I was like uh 22, right? you know,
um, and [ __ ] did nothing with it for
had it for years, sold it, and then, you
know, made a made a bit of money, but
nothing like significant and then bought
a property in Perth and then like I did
that up. So, you Well, no, like my my my
my cousin's a builder over there, so he
sort of did some renovations, sales
sales by day, trading by night. Yeah.
Yeah. Like I mean, we rendered it and we
modernized it and we sort of did some
ren size, stuff like that. So we made a
couple hundred grand on that and so we
sold that and then we came over to
Sydney and it was like impossible to
find a place. This is like sort of 2021
when it was like madness booming like
madness and then we rented especially
coming from Perth too, right? Like Oh
dude, we lived in the Maritan for 4
months where we couldn't get a rental.
We were coming over here to buy. We
couldn't buy anything or rent anything.
Dead set Bunction, dude. It was crazy.
So we ended up getting a place for rent
in um in Walara. Yeah. And then
there like 10 mil for it and I was like
no way like no one's stupid enough to
pay
that auction and no one bid. So I went
to the uh real estate agent was uh
Delane right? And I was like I'll rent
it. She was like what? And I was like
I'll rent it for 2 years and then sting
me. Sting me in two years. Like just
rail me. I'll be in love with the place.
Just rail me like that. She was like
deal. So yeah. So rented it and then um
like 6 months later just started
offering as a tenant. Yeah. Didn't sell.
You rented the property then? Yeah. And
I was like rent to buy arrangement.
Yeah. And I was like I just started
offering um I started offering. I
offered 8.7. They wanted 10. I was like
8.7. And they were like no. And I was
like 8.7. No. I was like 8.7. And the
guy was a Chinese buyer. And this is uh
when the Chinese government was hitting
people into like camps and [ __ ] not
taking your cash out of the country.
Yeah. Yeah. And I was like I was like
sending them emails of like [ __ ]
articles of people being taken and [ __ ]
right? And um and and and and like
eventually they said yes. And so bought
it and then um we got an offer uh like
so sort of sort of having a look around
cuz I know we got it at a decent deal,
right? And then a house on two houses on
our street sold and I was like my houses
are bigger than them. And I was like so
I called Delay. I was like what do you
reckon the house is worth? She was like,
"Oh, I can get a bar for that." She was
like, "What do you want?" I was like, I
was like, "Oh, you know, if I can make a
million bucks, I'll be a happy man." She
goes, "Like, leave it with me." And so,
um, yeah. She was like, "Yep, sweet."
Here's, man, she sold it in like [ __ ]
4 days. There you go. Um, now we're
locals. Yeah. Well, not yet. So, then we
um and then I used that and then went
when we're like looking all over sort
of, you know, Ranwick and Clelli and
[ __ ] Bronty and because like Double
Bay is great, but [ __ ] me, mate. You pay
it. This is a tax, the double pay tax,
right? Double pay, double pay. What do
they say? Double pay, double pay. Yeah.
And it's a great place to live, but like
it I work from home. You know, I just
sort of like do my thing and my wife
like half her shit's over there anyway.
So, we're just like, "Oh man, like I
could have a half I could less than half
the mortgage and I could have a bigger
house with a pool and all that kind of
stuff." So, less than 5ks away, sixks
away. Yeah. Exactly. So, we were like,
"This seems like a really smart adult
move." Yeah. Right. Um, and so we did
that and then, you know, uh, went
through and put an offer on a house and
I feel sorry for these poor [ __ ] that
were bidden against us cuz like like I
was talking to the agent and I was like,
"Mate, I'm buying a house." And he was
like, "What's your best and final?" I
was like, I was like, "Dude, just tell
me when they come in best dressed and
then I'll beat it and then we can be
done with this." So, it was a
interesting situation because these poor
[ __ ] were like calling up their
family and trying to get this an extra
20 grand. I said, "Mate, just tell them
to stop. Like, they're not going to win.
just tell them, "Hey, the dude's got way
more money than you. Just like just give
up type thing." Um, the best negotiation
strategy, have more money. Yeah. Ex.
Exactly. Literally, I was like, you
know, putting an extra 200 in this
house, mate, makes no difference to me.
You know, I was like, this is a
significant financial downsize for me,
you know, it's half the price. And so, I
was like, I'm putting half of it in cash
anyway. Like, what what do I give a
[ __ ] And so, we bought the house and
then we move in in like five or 6 months
or something like that. Um, but it's a
beautiful house, big pool, really,
really nice, you know. Needs a rena.
Needs like an outsort cuz they [ __ ]
It's got an ugly render on it, but it's
a beautiful big house in a nice area,
you know, and like So, you've always
been in real estate in some facet. Yeah,
exactly. Most of my wealth is in like
managed funds. Yeah. Um, just because
like that's just how I did it. Well,
actually, to be honest, it's about
50/50, right? Because if I think of the
house as wealth, which it definitely is.
You know, having a $10 million house is
probably considered wealth in some way,
right? Um, but yeah, and then so like,
you know, I think do I think owning your
own property in Sydney is the way to go?
No. If I wasn't, he's been following my
content. If I if I didn't have a wife
and kids, I would rent 100% and I would
have investment properties, you know, or
have land or farmland or something like
that, right? And then I'd have a
combination. But you know it's it's
crazy
how you know when I when you are good at
sales you sort of look at the world in a
different way because you could see
something that you want to buy like an
investment opportunity and you can go
how many sales do I could [ __ ] figure
that out. Yeah. Yeah. You know like I
remember when I put the offer on the
house uh I was a million short on on the
on the double bay house. I was a million
short cash for the settlement and I was
like oh I'll figure that out. I just was
like yeah I'll figure that easy. And so
I think we had like a fourmon settlement
and I made a million cash just through
selling. Yeah. I just sold [ __ ] you
know. I think I remember you telling me
that you just wanted an onslaught of cuz
you were selling big clients at Yeah.
big and I was just like, "Oh, I got to
do sell like two bigans and then a
couple small ones." And I was like I
kind of broke it down that way. I was
like, "Oh, if I get a 500, I get a 250.
Then I get a couple hundos and a few." I
was like, "No, I can make a million
bucks." I was like, "There'll be a
couple tax implications that I'll have
to work out, but that's a 12 month
problem." That's right. That's next
year. That's next financial year. That's
next financial year's problem. I was
like all I got to do and then you know
so I figured it out put the money down
and you know and then we made a million
bucks profit in a year taxree which is
the power of that's the power of and
real estate together. Yeah. You can't do
that anything else. And if you can do
both and like I I use my sales to
negotiate both of those you know um like
just to like well what happens if it
doesn't sell? like what happens if I
keep offering you and then I find
another house and you know like what
happens if this guy then you lose your
tenant and your potential buyer. Yeah. I
was like this is a problem surely it
makes sense and they were like oh yeah
I'll present that to the owner and you
know so um sales is like a just a unique
ability to be able to get the things
that you want most of the time and then
you can make money in any economic
environment and then put that towards
things that make you money. And if you
do that right [ __ ] man like you don't
need to make money for very long. That's
a never- ending cycle as well, right?
Yeah. That that's the powerful thing
about it. Yeah. But like how much money
do you need? Like if you have 10 million
bucks in cash flowing assets, like
properly cash flowing assets, like like
how much money can you make from that?
It's it's a good amount. Like you don't
really have to work for most people.
Yeah. I guess the issue is it's that
lifestyle creep, right? Yeah. Well, if
you want a McLaren. That's right. But
the dick, right? The the crazy thing is
and you're like you're not like a
one-off story here, right? Like so many
people have gone from doing some [ __ ]
average job that they earn average
income in then learning the skill of
sales then either going down the sales
path all in or they then start their own
business and their financial future
changes in a very very short period of
time and if you use the income it's
crazy how fast you can make money and
when you if you're good at something.
Yes. And when you realize that money
making is a skill and money is a skill
and there there's a there's a learning
to it and you know once you realize that
there is a lot out there like I mean I
live in Double Bay like I mean [ __ ] the
average taxpayer pays 285,000 in income
tax that's taxpayer income tax not
taxable income income tax right which is
which is like triple the average income
in Australia. Yes. And then you also
have like 18-year-olds that are being
declared as, you know, taxpayers that
are getting, you know, dad's money
siphoned into them to mitigate the
$38,000 of [ __ ] taxfree money like it
does anything, right? But so, you know,
people have got money and there's a lot
of money everywhere and and when you're
in sales, you you can just go and get it
because there is always someone who
wants to buy something and there is so
much [ __ ] that happens that people don't
realize, right? There are so many at the
moment there's that narrative which is
like the cost of living crisis and
everything so expensive inflation but
like the reality is we both live in the
eastern suburbs. Yeah. I don't have a
college degree. I was in the army. But
there's no cost of living crisis that
people when people have money, right?
Like Yeah. Exactly. In these areas
regardless if it's right or wrong. But
it's also where you want to live. Like
my life is harder because I live in
Double Bay. Yeah.
Like so I have to work more. So, I'm
giving myself like not really, but you
could say I'm giving myself a cost of
living crisis because my mortgage is
$45,000 a month. Yeah. Like, you know, I
I made that choice. That's right. I
could be four and a half. I can't I
can't complain. I could go and live in
Bankstown. Yeah. I could have no just
buy a place cash. Yeah. Yeah. [ __ ]
love it. You know what I mean? But like
that's not what I chose. Mhm. So if I
make $100,000 a year and I choose to
live in Kooji, it seems like a [ __ ]
me problem, mate. Very true. Like it
just there also you can work from home
in 99% of jobs now. No one's forcing you
to go in the city and there's public
transport. So like you know the move
further out and then work your way in.
That's how it used to be. It used to be
you bought in a [ __ ] hole. It's just
that now Paddington is no longer a [ __ ]
hole. That's right. It was 30 years ago.
It was super dangerous. Like my
father-in-law bought his first house in
Paddington. It was a [ __ ] dangerous
suburb. Can you believe people didn't
want to live in Bondi before? Yeah. I
don't want to live there now. It's too
many [ __ ] [ __ ] Right. But but
it's true. I say the same thing. It's
like you you have to act your way,
right? Like and the unfortunate reality
is in cities like Sydney, Brisbane, and
Melbourne, the population is much more
dense. Urban sprawl has happened. So
where your parents grew up 50 years ago,
you unfortunately can't grow up there
now. And when I was broke, I moved to
Perth.
you made the sacrifice. Like I I my wife
didn't want to and I went, "Hey, like
the only way that I don't go insane is I
have to figure out a way to live within
my means and I need a chance to build
up. And if I'm this stressed about
money, there's no way I build a good
business." Yeah. Cuz you can't build a
good business when you're stressing
about cash. You're just thinking about
short term and you never go longterm.
And so I was like, we need to move. And
we made the sacrifice and we stayed
there for a bit over a year. And the
moment we had enough money to come back
here and live very comfortably, we did.
I think that's that I mean it's not just
business focused, but like buying
property is exactly the same thing. It's
like if you make that short-term
sacrifice literally for 12 months. Yeah.
It's not even a sacrifice. You're just
having a change of lifestyle for 12
months. Yeah. And like you know, you go
and save some money and then come back
and Yeah. And for what, you know, and
like it's one of the reasons why we're
moving is because you know, we made
money and so it's like as much as I like
saying I live in Double Bay cuz there is
like an ego feeling to that sus. Yeah.
Like, mate, you know what? Not paying a
$45,000 a month mortgage will feel like
a lot better than saying I live in
Double Bay. I can give you the red hot
tip. True. Because like, I make plenty
of money, but [ __ ] me, I could keep a
lot more of it if I live somewhere else.
Yeah. And you know, I can do there's no
way that the capital growth of that
house will outweigh what I can do in my
business with that money with the cash
flow. Yeah. Because like my return on
capital employed is like 300x on my
business, you know, and so you can't
beat that. And I'm good at sales. And if
I put that money into getting people to
talk to me about my business, I make
that, you know, a hundfold over what I
do in property at the moment. And the
current business now that you've
transitioned to is dialer IO. Yeah.
Software. Yeah. Yeah. Which is
essentially like a dialing system. Y
that you have extremely high connect
rates based on the model that you use.
Yeah. So, we have a lot of things and
I've pulled a lot of leads in my day and
so was sick of the sort of uh solutions
that were out there because I know they
were just a bit subpar and so figured
out a way to kind of, you know, use a
lot of different things and bit of
knowledge to crack the code. Started a
call center because I knew that I didn't
want to pay to dev the whole thing. So,
we started a call center and that was
kind of a way of uh we problem solved
the dialer for 9 months before actual
public launch, right? Uh through a call
center like call center did 300k month
one, right? And so that was that was
just calling someone else's leads. Yeah.
And that was like I knew that I could
get that I knew that I could fill that
out. We had 40 clients before we before
we even started. Right. And then that
100% of that money went into dev which
is building the software. Yeah. And so
we didn't need a front end. So we just
had a back end and it didn't work. So we
were like having to problem solve
problem solve problem solve. After 9
months we had a good product. I sold the
call
center. put that money back into back
into the dialer and then you know we've
been doing it for 18 months now but we
only launched the dialer five months
ago. I was gonna say it didn't feel like
18 months and five months. Yeah, the
dialer is five months ago. So it was end
of it was like December and we've done
over a million so far. Uh profitable SAS
million bucks five months. Um uh so
we're at like three 400,000 a month
recurring something like that in five
months with no ad spend.
So sell in 3 years for a couple hundred
million. That's the goal, huh? Yeah.
Yeah. Sales all starts with sales, mate.
Without sales, it would be fun. Before
we wrap, if you're someone now getting
started, whether you're in real estate,
whether you're a [ __ ] car salesman,
you're doing outbound calls, which is
usually where people sales people start.
They start on [ __ ] leads, outbound
calls. What are like the three to five
key metrics that they need to be
tracking daily like you were when you
started? Yeah, I would say you need to
know, you work your way backwards,
right? So you go, how much money do I
want to make? How many sales does that
constitute? And you can't go pie in the
sky. To get that many sales, how many
people do I need to pitch to get that
many pitches? How many people do I need
to speak to? And then to speak to that
many people, what do I have to do? So,
if it's calling leads, if it's uh you
know, walking the lot and going like I
have to approach 15 people a day. When I
was a PT, I had a KPI to myself of how
many people I had to code approach at
the gym because I knew that I would get
told to [ __ ] off or people like that,
you know, and then there's only so many
guys I could say had a small chest and
they would actually like respond to it.
You know, your chest should be bigger
than that, right? That's the sociopath.
Exactly. Um, and then just just be
diligent and then stay there until you
hit it. That's the key because you have
to hit it. Uh, and don't accept
not like just stay there. Like if if it
means that you stay at the lot until 10
p.m. and you're [ __ ] shouting at
people, you're my car, like just do it
because you have to become the person
that does it. Yeah. And like, you know,
once you do that, then you realize, oh,
it's actually not very difficult. Most
people are [ __ ] lazy. As soon as you
do it, yeah, it's the same as KPIs
inside of the business. As soon as you
hit the KPI in a month, you're like, oh,
[ __ ] that wasn't that hard. We know
what we have to do. Then you set the
next the next K. And then you just you
just keep doing that. And then it
becomes the habit and how you do things.
And you know on once you start acting as
a very successful person I don't mean
like [ __ ] buying Rolexes in first
class but once you act as a person like
then then you have to be you know if you
want to be a triathlete you have to go
running swimming and riding. If if you
don't do that you're you're never going
to be a triathlete. So mental
masturbation. Exactly. And and you know
real masturbation that's key right?
Twice a day every day. Right. Got to get
those numbers up. Exactly. Matt Ryder.
Thank you brother. That was awesome.
Thanks, dude. Appreciate it.
