This is part two of a eight-hour
objection handling video. So, this was
an 8-week objection handling course
where we do advanced role plays,
objection prevention, objection
handling, all that kind of good stuff.
And it's designed to be watched as a
whole. So, it's all the things stack on
top of each other. So, if you haven't go
and watch part one, then watch this
video or go back and watch part one. You
don't have to watch it in order, but you
really do want to watch them all
together because a lot of the concepts
kind of ripple in between each other. In
this video, I go through that pretty in
detail. It's part two of an eight-part
series. I hope you enjoy. Hey guys,
what's up?
>> Doing well.
>> What's up?
>> View you.
>> All righty. All right. Good stuff. We'll
give everyone a couple uh minutes to get
in here. Okay. So, session three. Today,
we're going to be covering um just a bit
of a recap um and doing a couple
questions. Then we're going to be going
over the transition
into the um into like the more sort of
fear-based realm and sort of making that
slide then going through like the
initial some of the initial loops that
you can do. Um but kind of going back uh
people's takeaway points from I guess
our first couple sessions going over
money and partner. Has anyone got any
kind of takeaway points? things that
they've tried, things that have worked
or uh things that they've seen over the
last sort of week trying to implement
some of this stuff,
just feel free to go for it. My takeaway
was um when you're given an objection,
just focus on obviously after tackling
money um even if they say other
objections, just focus on addressing
money, getting it solved um and then
moving on. even if they give other
things at times you might want to even
acknowledge it but solve one objection
at a time. So that was my takeaway. I
have been implementing that. It has been
um so I only watched that replay a
couple days ago so I haven't had as many
calls yet to give like a full answer but
it has been at least a lot more easier
for me to keep track of without losing
control when it comes to objection
handling.
>> Okay. Awesome. All righty. Anybody else
got anything?
Good. bad or otherwise.
>> Uh I got one weird thing which I I think
this might be sort of my issue which is
regarding handling money immediately.
One thing I noticed I lack and I can't
really do recently is getting the person
to talk about money. They just get very
uncomfortable talking about it and I
just can't get them to open up. Could be
to analy could be something else. Not
exactly sure what it could be.
>> Okay. uh give me an example like they're
not willing to discuss
>> uh let's just say I go in lines of money
aside how do you feel about how do you
feel about the plan goes well with you
and then they give me the reasons and
then I'll say okay so they go talk about
money and say is this the upfront amount
you're not really done by could we split
this up for you would that make it more
digestible and they just don't want to
talk about it essentially there's like
no no yeah the money is fine then they
divert into something else completely
and go into all these different areas.
Could be fear, it could be all these
different things, but they want to avoid
the talk about money as much as
possible.
>> Unless the money is fine.
>> Yeah. Unless the money is fine. Yeah.
>> And so how many like how many times has
that happened?
>> Today that happened every single time.
So I think it's my issue. Uh three times
a day.
>> Okay. Well, I mean three times, right?
So you got to you want to say like
there's a uh so when you're problem
solving uh sales or anything in general,
you have to understand how like there
there's a particular way of the reason
why okay I'm going to try and explain
this in the simplest way possible. The
reason why people [ __ ] things up in
sales all the time, and this is the same
with learning anything, is that it's
that the
they're gonna hold on to certain things
and they're going to seed trends where
there are no trends.
>> Okay?
>> Right. So, three of anything is almost
nothing. Right.
>> Right. It's like it's it's it's it's
irrelevant. Um like, and that's a
difficult thing because you go, "Yeah,
but it's every single person." It's
like, yeah, but if you close everybody
on a particular day, are you a better
salesperson than what you were
yesterday? And that it's no, you're not.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Right. And it's like if you close 10 in
a row and then you don't close 20 in a
row, you did 10 out of 30,
right? So if 10% of people will never
buy and 10% of people will basically
always buy, right?
um you can get that 10% all in a row. So
you have to be very careful when you
look at making changes and making
adjustments and stuff like that because
you have to take into account certain
things. One, whenever you're doing
something new, you probably suck at it,
right? That's just a really good uh way
to go into it. Okay. Uh the reason why
so there's like there's a learning uh
like there's a learning requirement and
so your execution of it will not be that
good which the when your execution is
not that good it creates issues that
aren't issues
right so this is why you have to give
things that's why they say time takes
time and go and sleep on it and stuff
like that so [snorts] what you want to
do is you want to be very careful how
you implement things I only like
implementing things after I've had a
good chance to practice them, right? Um,
and and then you you want to take larger
you want to make one change at a time
and then you want to take larger sample
sizes,
right? Because you need to get through
enough people with enough consistency of
execution to be able to actually derive
some information from it.
Okay. So now, but if they're saying
money aside, do you feel this the
answer? yada yada yada. Yes. And they
go, well, it's not about the money.
needs this or this, right? All I do from
there is go, "Okay, so XYZ payment over
XYZ works within your current budget."
They go, "Yeah, yeah, it's fine." They
go, "Okay, perfect. How do you want to
proceed?" And then from there, they give
me the other objections, right? So like
it it can be that simple. Those people
have the money and it's not about the
money, right? They're saying things like
check finances and all this kind of
stuff because it's kind of a great
throwaway line to then like and then so
you do it get the agreement and then
from there you move forward to the next.
Does that make sense?
>> Like that's that's someone who
potentially
>> like money isn't the issue but they're
just saying things as a part of a
greater you know as a part of a greater
thing. Now, when I say you default to
money, right, if someone gives me a
straight partner objection, I will
handle the straight partner objection,
right? But if there's money mixed in,
then I'll handle it. Or if it's just
like a barrage of 30 different things,
I'm just defaulting to money.
>> Okay?
>> If they give me a distinct I need to
speak to my business partner, I'm not
going to go money aside. Do you feel
like this is the answer? Right? I'm
going to say okay. And I'm going to
handle partner, right? knowing that I
might have to go back to money, but I
might not because it might not be a
money issue.
>> Okay.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah, that makes sense.
>> Sweet.
>> Cheers, man.
>> All right. Perfect. All right. Uh Ramon,
>> hey. Hey, I have a question in when
you're like obligation handling money.
If you say like, hey, money aside and
you do that stuff, then you can do it's
more like the upfront amount. uh or it's
like you're a little bit nervous about
moving forward. What do you think about
that question?
>> I don't like it at all.
>> Why don't why don't you like it?
>> Because it's inviting a distraction that
is difficult in its execution to
overcome. So you're going like or are
you a little bit nervous? They might be
a little bit nervous. It also they might
need to break it up. So what you're
doing is you're inviting complexity. You
are going to have to deal with that at
some stage anyway. And it's completely
normal and fair enough to be a little
bit nervous when you're making a
purchase, especially like a significant
one. But at the whole point of objection
handling, at least the way that I do it,
is to segment and simplify,
right? I unfortunately do not have the
brain space and the and the power to
deal with like a ton of objections at
once. So [snorts] what I do is I
hyperfocus on one at a time and I try
and keep the conversation nice and tight
and then I move them I move them through
making sure to address all of their
concerns but doing it in a manner that I
can control.
So, if I go, is it the money or is it
are you a little bit nervous, then it's
very easy for that to then spin off into
a fear-based conversation, which we're
going to talk about today.
But you it it but then without uh having
the the grounding of finishing the
money.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah. Yeah, that that makes sense.
Thanks.
>> All right. Perfect. Like the whole point
is like objection handling is difficult
if you uh allow it to be whereas what I
really try to do and and again it's like
the way that I do things it's not going
to handle every objection like that's
not the point right the point is to give
yourself the best chance of handling the
most objections
right so it's like it's the best way to
handle most objections
There are individual unique
circumstances and time
uh time and practice get you good at
that stuff. However, you can handle more
complex situations if you're good at
segmenting them and simplifying them
down because it makes more complex and
slightly less complex.
>> Okay, sweet. I'm going to answer these
three questions, these four questions.
Okay, I like how uh in Google Meet,
Google Meet is so superior to Zoom,
guys. I don't know if you know that is
10 is so superior. It even says who
raised their hand in what order, right?
How good is that? Zoom doesn't do that
[ __ ] Also, I can hit a translation
button and you can speak whatever
[ __ ] language you want and I'll I'll
get the right one right in real time.
Isn't that crazy? [snorts] Um uh okay.
Uh let's go with um Halbin and then
we're gonna go Yeah, we'll go in that
order.
>> You hear me? Fine.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Awesome. So, two questions. So, on the
on YouTube, you posted a calendar for
like these calls and it's listed there
as 5:30. Um like the ones that you have
scheduled um going forward, are those
going to be the ones that we go off of
or are you or are you just going to
update us with the new with the new
link? I see.
Uh, no, that's a different session.
>> Oh, okay.
>> So, and I guess
>> that's Josh's session, right? [snorts]
Which is like the one that's always
running, you know what I mean? But, uh,
this is a different one. This is a
totally different calendar.
>> Gotcha.
>> Yeah.
>> So, my next question is, um, I had a
call recently where, um, I threw in
money aside.
do you feel like this would be the best
fit for what we're trying to accomplish?
And it wasn't the money that they didn't
have the money. It was that the math
wasn't mathing to them. Um so lead
generation services for car dealerships
and
they were pretty much saying, "Well,
look, I mean, even if you know, we
charge $2,500 for most basic package uh
service fee plus ad spend. So you're
looking at an investment of at least
$4,500 a month." Um he asked you know
what could I guarantee
and obviously you know results I can
guarantee but I said hey based off of
that ad spend I've seen anywhere between
like three to six extra sales and he
just kind of went on on this loophole
like well but that's not enough because
look I have to pay my salespeople I have
to do xyz
>> times
doesn't make sense if he's correct does
that make sense
>> I'm sorry
>> if he's if if that if He's correct in
his assessment. Does it make sense for
that guy to sign up?
>> Well, but but he wasn't. So, he's
making3 to $4,000 a sale and you know,
he's looking at another four or five
>> objection handling doesn't work if the
sales call,
right, does not uh build the gap, drive
the urgency, and drive the need, right?
like that uh that being like like that's
not objection handling. That's like uh
basically arguing. You know what I mean?
Make sense? Like
>> they need to they need to that they need
to uh need want it and need it,
>> right? Like as in like I don't mean need
it as in like oh you really need to lose
weight
>> as in like a inbuilt like I I need it,
right? I need it. I want it. I want it
now. That's the sales call, right? And
then the presentation ties up the value
and the value proposition, right? And
the ROI or whatever. And then from
there, objection handling is overcoming
concerns, right? So
>> right up the air.
>> Yeah, I I know that, right? But it's
sort of like, you know, um you can get
slapped at the end of the date. It
probably wasn't the very last thing you
did. It was probably a multitude of
things that happened throughout the
call. So I'm saying like that's not all
not all issues can be handled by
objection handling. Like not all
objections that come up are things that
that like you need to go, oh like that's
that's a lack of urgency. That's a lack
of ROI. That's a that's a sales call
issue, right? Like oh this doesn't make
any sense. M maybe it doesn't,
>> right? And it's like oh [ __ ] it.
Whatever. Like is what it is.
>> You know what I mean? And then from
there, but like that should have come up
way way way way earlier, right? Like
that would have that should have come up
at least three times throughout the
call.
Right.
>> How how so like me asking him like what
is it that he's trying like the his goal
and like how many more sales he's trying
to add and then just kind of building
the gap from there rather than just
waiting until the end.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Like that's that you
know. Yeah. Exactly. That should have
come up probably three probably at least
twice probably three times throughout
the call.
>> Right.
>> Makes sense.
>> Yeah. Sweet. Go through the uh go
through the videos about like um like
gap building and stuff like that. All
right. Cool. Um, a
>> thank you.
>> A Yeah. Yeah. Um, no, that's all good,
man. Um,
>> pretty simple, uh, two-part question.
So, the first one, some quick context.
Uh, our funnel is add webinar 2K.
>> I'm not answering anything that isn't
objection he
>> Oh, it isn't. Okay. Um, then yeah, I
don't really have a question.
>> Yes, that's for the other calls. This is
objection heing specific.
>> All right.
>> It is. Yes. Sweet. on the Fridays when I
do that call. That's that's when I do
that one or Thursdays, whatever it is
for you guys. I can't remember. Um Abd
Abdell,
>> you can also you can also type a comment
in the in the in the in the uh YouTube
post area for members.
>> Was that?
>> Yeah, exactly. If you have like a
specific question, but on this on these
calls, this is all objections.
>> Uh okay. Abdel Dilva
>> Abel. Sorry. Sorry, Abdel. you're you're
you're a [ __ ] [laughter]
>> Uh my my question is how do you know
when to continue objection handling and
going through frames? Because you've
mentioned you went two hours before
Yeah. objection handling. So how do you
know when it's like worth it?
>> If you Well, you know, if it's worth it.
Okay, it's a weird question. Um how much
money you make?
>> Um I'd say 15 18 a month.
>> Sweet. Then it's probably worth it,
right? And I don't mean that to
denigrate you in any way, but it's like
if you if you learned something in that
period where you had the time, obviously
you have the time, right? If you're back
to back, like whatever, man. It is what
it is, right? But if you have the time,
like physically, [ __ ] go for it. It's
a great thing to learn how to do,
>> okay?
>> Right. To sit in the even me, I would I
would do it now,
right? Like one because I think it's
funny, right? I like it, you know? And
so, but I think that like that's part of
it is like I really want to win.
>> Yeah.
>> You just want to win, you know what I
mean? But I'm not going to get
frustrated because then I lose
automatically. Do you know what I mean?
>> And so like it's just being able to sit
there like the things that like I came
up with tons of stuff because I refuse
to hang up the phone. And so for me it's
a learning experience and I just enjoy
it and I'm like, "Hey, what can I
[ __ ] learn from that?" Like that
island analogy thing that I came up
with, right? Like I came up with that on
a call because it was like an hour. It
was like 90 minutes in. I was like,
"What the [ __ ] am I gonna say to this
guy?" And I was like, "Pitch yourself on
a [ __ ] island and there's like water
and [ __ ] around you and you like can't
get off." And I was like trying to get
this concept of like you have to take a
leap of faith,
>> right? And the faith has to be you.
>> Okay? So just [ __ ] do it when you got
the time. This is the last question. Uh
Lucio.
Lucio,
don't make it a nineparter,
[ __ ] I know how you work.
>> Simple.
>> No. hotel. [laughter]
Yeah. So, I've been getting a lot of um
when I asked them like, "Hey, so but
money aside, do you think that this
would actually help you?" And they
become what?
I don't know. I haven't been through the
program yet. And it's like,
>> yeah.
>> Okay. Do do what do you feel that what
we spoke about?
>> No. What do you do? Do do you feel like
from everything that we put together for
you, do you feel like that, you know,
the accountability and you just go
through and you clarify it. So the
problem is the way that you're asking it
like is is vague. Okay. So in in in not
not here but in that instance. Okay. So
when you um so when you guys have to
understand what one one thing like word
choice matters immensely.
>> Okay. And vague answers are from vague
questions. So being specific in your
timing, your pacing and everything like
that is really important. So if I go uh
like no Lucio, this is for you.
No, Lucio, this is for you. No, Lucio,
this is for you.
>> No, it kills me how you say my name.
>> Sorry. How do you say it? Like Lucio.
>> Lucio.
>> Like see in Spanish. See?
>> Yeah. Okay. See,
Dal, that's good. Um, so Okay. So, like
if I say no, no, Lucio, this is for you.
Okay. What that's telling every what
that's telling you is that like this
like that like I'm clarifying this is
for you. If I go, "No, Lucio, this is
for you." That's me telling you, "No,
no, no. You're wrong." Like, "This is
for you." Okay? So, like, just do nice.
Like, you have to realize that like you
have to just say things consistently.
Okay?
>> Okay.
>> And the inconsistency is what's going to
cause the vague answers. Okay? So, and
and also like my biggest advice and I'll
change the format a little bit is that
uh in future if anybody asks me a
question that starts with I spoke to
this one guy and they said this. It's a
[ __ ] question. Your question wasn't
[ __ ] because it's due to like
multiple people. Okay. But it's a stupid
question because I could give out a $100
to people and one person will go like
why isn't it 200? Right? Because they're
[ __ ] idiots. So like you [snorts]
have to take into account the [ __ ]
idiot factor. There's like you have to
do things a lot and again you're going
to suck at it. So like there's unless
you can come to me and say I'm doing
this consistently with this exact
tonality and like I've done it uh 45
times and this is the average responses
right then it's like then we can go okay
do this. Okay but like you don't want to
get into like if this then that if this
then that scenarios what you want to
understand is concepts and then from
there you can move forward with that.
Okay.
>> Okay. [snorts] the last thing. Okay, so
what I'm going to do, it's it's fine
because the fear stuff actually the
transition stuff doesn't actually take
that long. Um but um so just so you guys
know, so I have a what I want to do is
um to take two minutes. So with this
program,
okay, uh moving forward, I'm putting
together a pretty cool structure um and
I'm going to be releasing it soon. My
goal is to [snorts] make sales training.
The more people do it, the cheaper it
gets.
Right. So, uh this has level one, level
two, level three, 49, whatever up to
like 199. The 199 is going to maintain
like uh it's going to be like 18
sessions a week, I think, uh starting in
about eight weeks or something like
that. I'm trying to get everyone
together and it's going to have like
industry specific everything, right? And
then the goal is there's about 500
members now. If I get it to a,000 then
that drops and then at 1,500 it drops.
And then at 2,000 it drops, right? Gets
cheaper and cheaper and cheaper and
cheaper, right? So the whole point is to
create like uh I want to have 80
sessions a month, right? Like that's the
goal is 80 sessions a month of all
different industries, role plays. I'm
bringing in marketing experts. I'm
bringing in even like health and fitness
people like just people from all
different industries to do like one
session a month or every two weeks or
whatever, right? As just part of it. Um,
and so the whole point is and then I'm
going to have an affiliate program and
we're going to have like a dialer
affiliate program as well, right? For
those of you who don't know, I have a
software. Okay, so um, that's the goal
and I'm going to try and like make this
thing into two to three,000 people,
right? But like get it down to where
it's like 80 sessions a month um, for
less than 100 bucks a month. So like
that's the goal. I want to make it like
the craziest, cheapest value thing where
like everyone just gets a ton of [ __ ]
value. The coms will be [ __ ] all, mate.
It's gonna be like a hundred bucks.
It'll be like [ __ ] 10 bucks a month
or something, right? [laughter] Like
it'll be it's a cheap program, so it'll
be cheap. Also, YouTube takes 40%.
Right? Uh because it's 30% to YouTube
and then it's like another percentage to
Apple and Google if you pay on your
phone. So, if you ever want to reup or
if you ever um leave and then come back,
do it from desktop.
helps me out. I get railed. Um, but it's
all right. I don't have to deal with
anything. So, anyway, I just want to let
everyone know that the plan is to like
keep something like this going, right?
But like uh more intense. So, it'll be a
lot of sessions and very specific and
I'll do like it'll be it's going to be
quite a good program. I'm kind of
releasing I'm putting it all together at
the moment. But, yeah, that's the plan.
So, like 18 uh 18 to 20 sessions a week
uh all different time zones, even like
different languages. and then from there
be able to get that for under $100 a
month is the actual goal. Okay. All
right, guys. So, uh objection handling,
right? Um [laughter]
not quite 69th level, right? So, um and
the beautiful thing is it'll be super
low touch and everyone can just come and
go as they please. I don't give a [ __ ]
[laughter]
Um someone messaged me and was like,
"Hey, how do I pause membership?" I was
I don't know. Email the [ __ ] CEO of
YouTube. I don't give a [ __ ] Um I have
no I have no ability to affect it. Okay.
So when you've gone through money, okay,
and then when you've gone through
partner and then when you're in a zone
where the person is really really
struggling, okay, and like you just
can't get them over the line and you can
you've tied off the logistical things.
Okay, so again like objectioning doesn't
work if the if the you haven't found the
real problem, the real solution. you
haven't tied that off with like some
urgency, done a pitch that makes sense,
and then from there you've gone through
and you've handled the objections,
right? The whole sale needs to work in
harmony together. Okay. Um, however,
like objection handling is an important
component of it because as much as
everyone likes to say, just prevent them
like you sort of can't or your or your
calls will blow out too long if you
wanted to do it that way. Okay. So, uh,
and then you transition into fear. Okay.
A lot of the time, like I want to be
clear, fear-based objections are far
less common than what you think they
are.
Okay?
Most of the time it is just a concern of
like uh they're just not sure
if the money makes sense, if like they
can put the time into doing it, or if
they're actually like if they're
actually like, "Well, I've done a few
things like this in the past. like I
wonder if I'm actually going to do it
this time. People would say that's a big
fear. It's just a genuine concern. Okay?
[snorts] People are not terrified,
shaking, and quivering like small babies
at the thought of buying programs and
spending money. Okay? It's just not the
case. And these fear bad mindset stuff
or like when people pull offers, if you
pull offers, [ __ ] leave the chat.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever
heard. Right? So, people who do that
kind of like
mechanism for sales reps because saying
to yourself, "Oh, they had a bad
mindset." is a really great way to
absolve yourself of all responsibility
of just being better.
Okay. On the other side of that,
some people just aren't going to buy and
it doesn't make sense for them. And
that's okay.
All right. You have to realize that that
it's totally fine if people don't buy. I
know that you want them to buy, but if
you uh if you're trying to sell
everybody, it's going to come off as
gross and thirsty. That doesn't mean you
don't do the same process for everybody
and do the sales process and and do all
the things to do it. But you have to
realize that it's just not going to
happen. If if perfection
of sales was a 70% close rate, like if
you did everything perfectly every
single time and you could achieve 70%.
That still leaves three out of that no
matter how perfectly you do it, they
will not buy.
Okay? So therefore, if you then try and
make changes to get those people, it's
just going to go boom boom boom boom.
You're not going to gain more. You're
going to lose these people, gain these
people, lose these people, gain the
that's all it's going to happen. Okay?
So, in order to do this effectively, you
cannot become frustrated
because it will not work. You cannot
think that they're idiots for not
buying, right? You you don't have that
right because you're looking at their
life and their decision- making through
a keyhole,
okay, of like 45 minutes to an hour,
right? and you don't have all the
information and potentially you missed a
whole bunch of stuff because you didn't
probe and clarify and talk about the
right things. Perfect example, I used to
do uh a lot of fitness sales on the
phone, right? Where I wasn't in person
or on Zoom and the person would like say
I want to lose 15 pounds or whatever and
I would anchor everything to 15 pounds
and they wouldn't buy. Okay. One of the
one of the issues was like they were
actually 60 pounds overweight, but like
I didn't do a good enough discovery and
clarification process. And so all that I
established were sort of meaningless to
them because I never got to the true
goal. So the objection handling I made
everything make sense, but it was me not
uncovering the real goal, which didn't
allow me to drive the urgency. And
there's a tremendous amount of
vulnerability involved in telling
someone your goal.
Right? That is a handshake. Right? In
order to shake someone's hand, you have
to put your hand out and then they have
to you have to shake it. Okay? You can't
force that. You can ask the questions,
but if you're asking it with like a with
there's like a venom behind it, right?
You know, there's like there's an
intention behind it. Okay? It's why some
people get angry when you ask them
questions is because the intention can
make you question them, not ask the
question. And there's a huge difference
to that.
Okay.
Okay. So, that's really important. The
reason being is because like when you do
get someone who is genuinely like
apprehensive about buying, that is going
to raise their alarm bells extremely
high. So any like odd or off-putting
tonality
uh will immediately
like will immediately put them off
to
Abdel Abel. [laughter]
Um uh
>> what's up?
>> No, no. I thought I thought you were
having a schnoozle, buddy, right?
Thought you have a little You're just
taking notes.
>> Taking notes. Yeah, taking notes.
>> Goes He's asleep. Um yeah. Uh, I was
like, "Oh, no." Um, okay. So, and, uh,
frustration is like the hardest. Um, oh,
what's this?
Um, uh, frustration is one of the
hardest things to hide.
Okay. Hey guys, what's up? Matt here.
And I've noticed that a lot of you are
not subscribed. So, what I want you to
do is like go over and hit the little
subscription. Uh, it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do and you're like, "Hey,
how can I get similar content but pay
for it, then I have a membership you can
go over and join that at any stage that
you want. It's like $49 a month up to
about $200 a month and we do like live
Q&As. We have a coaching call nearly
every single day and there's like well
over 100 videos and I upload like sort
of private trainings and stuff that I do
all the time. So if you want to check
that out, go for it. Uh, you know, sign
up through YouTube, cancel anytime, all
that kind of good stuff." And anyway,
back to the video. Bye. So, uh, when we
go through those things, okay, that
there's a couple of different
transitions like of which that you can
do. Uh, I'm going to talk about some of
the ones that you can set up from the
top. Okay. Uh, which is a good
introduction to framing, which we're
going to be going over later on. Okay?
So, uh, there are a couple of uh, uh,
easy frames that make it easy to make a
transition into a more fear-based
objection. Okay. One of them is called
like the transition frame, right? uh
transition frame is a good ubiquitous
right uh kind of crowbar that you can
put into almost any selling environment
for almost any kind of prospect. That's
why I like it. And so what you do is you
come up with your client avatar, okay?
And you figure out like where are they
at now and where do they need to be? And
this can be a business, it can be a
software, it can be whatever, but it's
like, you know, I really enjoy uh so
let's just I'm going to use someone like
a bisop, right, for example. Um
>> perfect.
>> Perfect. All right, cool. Um, so the
transition frame is an easy one. So you
basically go like at the top of the call
once you've kind of done the, you know,
like the initial one and you go like,
"Hey, like what are you here for?"
Right? You know what I mean? Like you
sort of get the initial out. Um, then
from there that avatar, let's just say
it's someone who's looking to leave
their nineto-5 and then like start their
own thing. Okay? So you can go, I really
enjoy working with people who are making
the transition from, you know, having
that sort of, you know, nineto-five
employee into that kind of business
owner, right? because that transition
there's like risk-taking. There's a
different mindset. There's a whole bunch
of things that really have to happen in
order for that to in order for that to
really be successful. Okay? And I like
people who are making that transition.
Then you can anchor that the whole way
through. And then when someone goes
like, you know, you've handled the
objections, you're like, "Oh, I'm just
really I just really need to go and
think about it." Then the easy one is,
"Well, that makes sense based off where
you are in your transition."
Okay. But the problem is if you're
always thinking and acting as if you're
on this side of the bridge, how do you
get to the other side?
Okay, how do we make that transition
become that business owner? And what
would the business owner do in this
instance?
Right? And then you've layered in a
business owner takes risks. A business
owner, you know, does yada yada yada.
Okay? So adding in like so anchoring
something as a through line is a great
way to then make a transition or use
that
identity whatever. Oh, you can do that
stuff super early as long as you're
subtle about it, right? You don't want
to be like you don't want to hammer them
with it, but I I I would bring that in
like on a bisop sale. I bring it in
quite early, right? So, it's like making
transition, you know what I mean?
[snorts] And so, that's a really easy
one to walk them through. It's like,
well, based off you where you are in
that transition, it makes sense that
you're kind of feeling this way. You
know what I mean? The only problem is,
you know, and it's essentially it's the
same thing. So, it's like walking across
a bridge or uh acting from a different
perspective. So the key shift that you
need them to agree to when you go into
fear-based stuff, right, or you go into
like really apprehensive buyers, the key
shift is they need to think and look at
things slightly differently. That's the
only agreement in which you need to
begin with because what we're going to
do is we're going to remove the buying
and we're going to input small steps,
right? that lead towards making a
decision to purchase but we are removing
the purchasing decision.
Okay? Because that is the scary part.
That is the part in which they are
apprehensive about. All right? So we
want to like uh it's a very very
important concept. You are not asking
them now once you're in this zone. You
are not asking them to do any
purchasing. None of your languaging can
be around finalization
payment moving forward.
If it is, you will trigger quite a
visceral response from them because like
they're just they're anxious. Okay, do
you guys know what like anxious is? It's
scared for no reason,
right? That's like my son gets a bit
anxious, right? And like we like teach
him how to talk his way so he
understands what he's feeling, right?
And he used to go, "I'm really scared.
I'm really scared." It's like, okay,
you're not that this is what that is,
right? You're feeling scared, but you
don't have a reason to be scared. This
is anxious. Okay, let's work through it,
you know? And then they can understand
it, so it's easier to deal with, right?
Make sense? Okay. So, um, but it's quite
a visceral kind of thing. And usually
when people are scared or anxious, like
what they need is someone to lead them
through something. Okay? Okay. So, if
you think of like if you've ever gone,
you know, like uh like I take my wife to
a haunted house, right? She's going to
like jump behind me on my back, right?
You know, and she's going to go like
this and I'll walk through, right? You
know, if we're on a flight and there's a
big turbulence, she looks at me. If I'm
fine, she's fine,
right? So, now I have to pretend to be
fine all the time, [laughter]
right? So, um Okay. So, that's kind of
how that works. Um, and removing the
purchasing decision is removing the
anxiety. Okay? So, we're not going to
talk about that. And even if they say,
"Oh, yeah, but it's like, hey, you don't
have to make like let's not talk about
that." Okay? And the key thing is, what
do you need to do in order to get the
outcome,
right? That's your underlying thesis.
What are the action steps? What do you
need to do? Okay. So, the first thing is
you make a transition. So it's like,
hey, you're here. You need to get here.
What is like are do do you realize or do
you agree to the premise that you need
to think from a different perspective to
get an outcome you've never got?
Okay.
There's a number of ways to do that. The
one thing is like there's a couple of
easy kind of uh logical questioning
tracks that you can make. Okay. um that
they do have some pitfalls though. So
I'll go through them. The first thing is
like okay so uh you know um that makes
sense you know because we all make
decisions based off our perspective.
That's a really easy transition
throughput into the next phase because
we're going to use perspective as that
anchor point. Okay. And guys please tell
me if I'm talking too fast or too like
in too many like allegorories, right? It
is a little bit conceptual. So like you
have to understand the concept of what
you're trying to do. The execution of it
is less important than the concept
because the execution will just take a
little bit of time. Okay? It's more
important that you understand the
strategy than the physical words, the
exact wording, right? Learning the
wording is like it's whatever. It's not
really how you learn to do it on the
fly, right? Um, okay. So, we're going to
make that transition, get them into that
mode, okay? Because they have to agree
on that. So, yeah, that makes sense.
like because we all make decisions based
off our perspective, right? And it's a
difficult one to say no to, right?
Because we we do obviously, you know,
and so they're going to go, "Yep." Um,
and so, uh, from from there, we're going
to go, "Okay." The only problem is if we
if if we want to kind of get somewhere
we've never been, sometimes we have to
look at things in a different way,
right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, now we're
we're there. So then I would ask uh if
you want a really clear and logical
series of questions, it's well let me
ask you a question. Are you happy with
the results that you've gotten in XYZ
the exact thing that they're trying to
fix? Like are you happy with the weight
loss? Are you happy with the business
growth? Right? Are are you happy with
how much the business has grown over the
last say 12 months? And they're going to
say no, right? Because that's been
established in the call, right? Or I
would ask a different question. Okay?
whatever's been established as like a
key gap in problem and they go well no
it's like okay well why not for this
reason okay and that decision-m process
that caused you to be exactly where you
are today and not be happy with the
results and is causing you to feel like
you are right now how much longer do you
want to allow that decision-m process to
dictate your life and your results
moving forward now I use decision making
process very specifically. If you use
mindset, it will not work.
Okay, I've tried it. It works sometimes
and it it [ __ ] doesn't work other
times. It feels like a very loaded
question. Whereas decision-m process, it
it's not as it's not as loaded with like
marketing,
okay? Like mindset coaches. No one's a
decision-m coach, you know? I mean,
right? And so then from there, it's
like, well, you know, no, I don't use
the island very much anymore. I mean, I
I'll I'll go through it and I'll teach
it, but it's it's a it's a long- winded.
Um, so, uh,
then from there, so we we get that buy
in. So, we're going to get the buy in on
like you need to look at things
differently. That's step one, buying.
They have to agree to that, right?
Right? So, you have to word that in a
way where they're going to agree to it.
Right? Then from there, it's like, are
you happy with results? No. Sweet as.
And the decision-m process that's got
you those results. Okay. So, we're
linking that back. How much longer do
you want to allow that to affect you
moving forward or affect your life and
your business? Well, I don't want to do
that.
Okay. But how how much longer? And
that's where you want to get a time
frame. How much longer? Because what
we're going to do is we're going to
systematically reduce that time frame.
Okay. So, I just need a time frame. They
go, "What?" And they might they might
not even say. You might go, "What are
you going to allow it for like two
weeks, two months, two years?" Like,
"What is it?" They might go, "Oh, not
that much longer." Okay, but like how
much longer? Okay. [snorts] Then from
there, it's well, what do you need to do
to put yourself in the best position to
be able to achieve X?
Okay. And the this is the great way
where where you can throw out any need
for talking about guarantees,
right? Because they might go, "Well,
what do you guarantee or whatever?" You
go, "I guarantee that you'll die and
that you'll pay tax and that when you
die, you'll pay more tax."
Like there's no guarantees in life.
Anyone who tells you a guarantee,
there'll be so many stipulations and
fine prints around it that I just think
that's disingenuous. All we can do is do
the things that put us in a position to
be able to achieve. I can do everything
perfectly and then line up on the 100
meter line and Usain Bolts to my left
and I'm going to lose. But I did
everything perfectly.
And I'm still going to lose.
But I gave it a [ __ ] good health
crack.
And to me, I'd rather try than do
nothing.
Right. But what do you need to do to put
yourself in the best position to be able
to achieve X?
Okay. And then that is your
start and end statement for all of these
little loops because what they're going
to do is they're going to fluff around.
They're going to give you all kinds of
things. And what you want to do is you
want to get them to like we want a
tangible action step. Well, I really
need to get more. I really need to
figure out a lead generation to more
leads, right? That's where it's going to
go. it's going to go whatever you were
talking about. I really need to figure
out how to lose this weight. It's like,
okay, well, like, do you feel like what
we've put together would help you with
that?
Oh, yeah. Why is that? Well, for this
reason. Okay. So, how much longer do you
want to put off making a decision to do
something that you know will get you in
a better position to be able to achieve
your goal?
Well, not much longer. Not much longer.
Okay. And then it's like, okay. And then
go through that. It's conversation. And
then it's either going to end with like,
yes, I'm ready to go. And then you do
it. Or they keep coming up with [ __ ] and
you go, okay, but what are the tangible
action steps that you need to take to
make sure you're in the best possible
position to be able to achieve XYZ?
Okay. So, see how that's way more
definitive than the first time. It's
what you need to do to put yourself in
the best to be able to achieve X.
What do you need to do? You, so I'm
emphasizing you. What do you need to do?
Okay, putting the ownership on them,
right? By doing that to make sure that
you're in the best possible position to
be able to achieve your outcome of X.
Okay, super definitive,
right? And it's putting the ownership on
them as the person who has to take the
responsibility to go then.
Okay. And then it's like, uh, well,
this, this, this, this, and this, right?
And they can keep going through things
and they can keep saying time, you know
what I mean? And it's like it's, hey,
it's going to be a week. Okay. So,
what's going to be different next week
than what was this week,
right? And again, it's just it's just
sort of like there's a concept there and
there's some execution things, you know
what I mean, that are going to be a
little bit, you know, funny, but
essentially, you want to break it down
into like what are the uh what are the
series of tangible action steps, right?
And then from there you put time frames
because if they've if they if something
makes sense to do then something makes
sense to do, right? And so like there's
no point putting it off if they've
already been putting it off, right?
Which is why you have to drive urgency
and stuff like that. So things have to
layer, okay? And there's obviously
10,000 possibilities,
right? The goal is to reduce them down
to core concepts,
right? like they can say an an infinite
number of variables,
>> right? They can say like an infinite
number of variables. Okay, so it's like
and then it's like okay, so how much
longer? What'll be different than like
why not just put it off till next next
year, right? Next week, next month, next
year. Like what's the difference? You've
waited this many years. What's the
difference? Right? Like just put it off,
right? And whenever they give me a
positive, I'm going to ask them why,
right? And then from there, if they ever
go like, "Nah, I really do need to do
it." Which you'll get a lot. You can go,
"Well, you don't really, do you?"
Right? You don't need to do it. No, I
really do. Yeah, but now though.
No. Yeah, but now, right? So, again, by
pushing back, they'll kind of push back
on you and then you can get them to kind
of do what you want, right? You'll get
that a lot. I just need to put it off
for a week. I mean, you could put it off
for a month, you know, like like what?
Like, you know, what's like what's like
what what's the difference? Right?
And they're going to go, "No, I don't
wait a month." Why not? Well, because I
just kind of need to get it done. Like
people are pretty easy to get to do
that, right? But you again, you have to
use push back and pull, push and pull,
push and pull. We're going to be going
through that later on in the course. All
right? The important thing is that you
understand the concepts. Don't get your
head wrapped around the individual
execution of all possible variables when
you don't understand the concepts and
strategies, right? It's just a waste of
brain space. Okay. Um then from there
right uh you're going to loop around and
then get more definitive right so the
goal is to get more definitive in your
languaging your labeling of them as the
person who is taking responsibility and
then your time frame
right and then the specificity of the
goal. So the next time I'll loop around
it'll be like what do you need to do to
make sure that you are doing everything
possible to make sure you can achieve X
so that you can and then you put like
the emotional driver in it's like it's
like lose 10 pounds so you can right you
know what I mean like you know so you
can quit your job and tell Gary to go
[ __ ] himself whatever right you know
okay and then it's like what are you
doing and then it's like well I need to
do this okay
you You know, and then the last one is
what do you need to do that when you go
to bed tonight, you know, you're doing
everything you can
to be able to achieve X so you can Y
because like the illusion is that you
can stand still. If time moves forward,
okay, and you're at a fork in the road
and one is towards your goal or away, I
don't mind which direction you pick, but
you can't pretend that standing still is
not pushing your goal further away.
So, what is it? You know what I mean?
And then it's like, are you going to go
towards or away?
And they can make the choice. And if
they go, I'm just not ready to do this
after like [ __ ] all that stuff, you
go, okay.
You just go, that's fair enough. I want
to just say I apologize, right? It seems
like this makes sense financially. you
need to do it, you want to do it, and
you have a good idea that it'll get you
to your goal, and there's something
blocking you. I'm not sure what it is,
okay? But I didn't help you through
that. And that's my job, right? So,
like, um, from here, like I like I'd
love to reach out to you um later on
just to see like, you know, if you've
been able to do this, but, you know, and
I'll use this as a learning experience
because like I would love to be able to
help you through this, but for whatever
reason, I just can't. And that's fine.
You know what I mean? But, you know, uh
what would be a good time for him to
reach back out to see if anything's
changed to where you're ready to start
doing something about this,
right? And you'd be like shocked it goes
pretty well,
you know what I mean? And then they like
you're not going to sign them then like
obviously, right? But then from there,
they're going to like no no it's not
you. Like it's just I have to you know
just like I just can't. They'll like
whatever. You're like no it's fine.
Don't worry about it. Like hey it's not
you like it's not your job to get
yourself over these humps. It's like
this is what we do. You know what I
mean? So like it's fine. It's not it's
not you. It's fine,
right? Like and then from there it be
like you know when like how long do you
think you need? And then like don't
schedule follow-ups. Scheduling
follow-up calls is a waste of time 95%
of the time, right? Um I will schedule
like uh I will like put time frames in,
right? And then I call them,
right? Most of the time a follow-up call
is like a scheduled especially if it's
like any more than 15 minutes. Like what
are you scheding an hour follow-up call?
Like what are you doing? It's crazy. You
know what I mean? Um or I'll have like
blocks of time throughout the week that
are scheduled that have specific
follow-up blocks in them,
right? Um [snorts] that way like you you
have a consistent schedule to where
you're not taking up like sales time to
do follow-ups like that, but your
follow-ups are just like phone calls,
texts, emails, stuff like that, right?
So you're just like constantly kind of
doing it. You don't want to have like a
an a 45 minute follow-up conversation
with someone that like it's it's 5050
they show up, right? And if they show
up, they're buying anyway. Like for
sure. The amount of times they show up
and don't buy is pretty rare. Yeah. I
mean, it does happen, but it's pretty
rare. Like, all right, cool. Bye.
[laughter] What the [ __ ] we doing here?
Right. [snorts] Um, you know, and then
if they're not going to buy, they're not
going to show up, right? So, like it's
sort of a waste of your diary.
Um, follow-ups are not a waste.
followups are fantastic, right? But
doing it that way is not great, right?
Um, but just overall conceptually, okay,
like I know that's a kind of a difficult
process uh in the objection handling
matrix. So, let me just uh get this up
uh
right um what I'll do is I'll um
just share my
Okay.
Can you guys see that?
Okay.
Okay. So in um
Jesus. All right. Where are we?
So in this subjection matrix. Okay. Uh
so here we got the hierarchy. All right.
If you guys click this links, it'll go
straight to the videos.
Okay. Um on exactly how to do it, right?
And then from there, you've got like
exactly kind of what each one how each
one works. And then you got the
flowchart, right, of identifying, right?
The stuff that we talked about like the
other day, right, all the reframes.
Okay. [snorts] And then we've got um
I'll go through
to the fear base, right? So you've got
re like reframe one, you got a longer
one, reframe two, and then reframe
three, right? Which is that one make
decisions of our choices. So it kind of
goes through it step by step. Okay, make
sense. Now, this has been posted a few
times, right? But I will
uh see if I can put it in the chat. I
don't know that I'll be able to, but
I'll try. If not, I'll post it up like
uh basically right now.
Can I?
Nope, I can't. Okay, cool. I'll post it
up right now. All right, cool. Um,
so I know that's a difficult It's fairly
conceptual, right? Uh, but again, it's
important just to try and understand the
concepts. I highly recommend like
flowcharting it out yourself and and
trying to like dissect the code. I I'm
not saying this is particularly simple.
I think money and partner and all that
kind of stuff is pretty simple. This is
a little bit more conceptual because in
between those that like looping
statement, right, of like what do you
need to do to put yourself in the best
position? That escalation is simple.
However, everything that happens in
between
can be a bit of a [ __ ] dog's
breakfast, right? It can go a lot of
different directions. So, again, it
comes back to that concept of being able
to like clearly
uh use your tonality, your intonation to
make sure that you have very precise
languaging and that you're not uh
allowing tons of like diverting
conversations.
Okay. Um and then I'm going to ask
answer questions. I'd like the questions
to be about what we talked about and
also not be about specific instances
that you've encountered over the years
of one random person saying, "Yeah, but
this said this." Right? Because that is
a waste of everybody's time. Okay,
Brody.
>> Sweet, dude. So, just wanted to go
through the framework as my ADHD brain
took a shitload of notes and I just want
to make sure I've got it in the right
sequence. Yeah. So, um, first and
foremost, number one, they need to agree
to where they are and where they want to
get to. So,
>> y
>> that that's that's step one, right?
That's the kind of first part of the
framework.
>> Yeah.
>> Step two is uh asking them if they're
happy with where they are or happy with
their current results.
>> So, it's uh so I'll I'll make two
modific. So step one is uh they have to
there has to be a shift in thinking
between to get to where they want to go.
They're here. There's a bridge, right?
And I've even drawn it, right? You're
here. There's a bridge to get here.
Okay? You can swim through the
sharkinfested waters. You can walk over
the bridge. You can stay on one side.
Right? There has to be a thought, a way
of thinking differently to get to that
side that you never been on. Okay? You
know what I mean? Because the guy over
here can see things that you can't see.
Okay? So, there's a shift in thinking
that has to happen. That's step one. Not
just that there is a gap. The gap has
already been built throughout the sales
school. The second thing is that like uh
establishing that that shift in thinking
is required because
the decision-m process and the way
they've been thinking up until now has
got them in a position they're
ultimately unhappy with.
Right? So like what does Einstein say?
Do you you know definition of insanity
doing the same thing over and over again
expecting a different outcome. Does that
make sense?
>> Yep.
>> Um and then challenging their current
decision-m process. So are you are you
totally happy with the current decision-
making process you've been using that's
resulted in you
getting this big or you know
>> Yeah.
>> where you so so it's like it's like are
you are you happy with the results that
you've gotten in your health and
fitness? Right? They go, "Well, no." You
go, "All right, cool." So, the
decision-m process that's caused you to
one be ultimately unhappy with the
results that you're getting right now,
but two, in a position where like, you
know, you've failed, right? How much
longer do you want to allow that
decision- making process to dictate your
life, your health, and your results
moving forward?
>> So, that's where you're asking them the
time frame. You're challenging you're
pushing it back on them.
>> Yeah. It's like, how much how much
longer, man? Like, hey, you can do this
forever until you can't, right? How much
longer do you allow this decision-m
process that's like causing you to have
this exact thought process right now?
This isn't I'm not ready for it. Right.
Right. How much longer you're allowed to
to actually affect you?
Not much longer. Okay. But like how
long? Two weeks, two months, two years?
What is it? And they're probably not
going to answer that question. And
that's when you're going to slide
straight into the first of your loop,
right? Okay. Okay. So, what do you feel
like you need to do in order to put
yourself in the best position to be able
to actually like lose the weight?
>> Well, like I need to [ __ ] Right. You
know what I mean? I need to, you know, I
need to figure this out. Need to get the
diet. And you're going to just talk them
through that and it's going to, you
know, you're going to talk them through
and it's going to end up in a either a
decision or a the next loop, right? And
the key thing is that you don't try and
you don't try and put the finality of
like a transaction on them, right? Until
like they need to ask you to buy
essentially,
right? It's super leaned out because
like again they're scared, right? Like
and you're just super calm, cool. Yeah,
man. It's cool, dude. Like whatever,
>> you know?
>> And when when you when are you push are
you pushing back um uh normally on your
first loop? So like if they say, "Oh, I
I need to do it." Well, why why not just
keep doing what you're doing?
>> Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you can do that for
sure.
>> Early or you kind
>> No, you can listen. I do that the whole
way through the call.
>> So like when I when I do sales, like
I'll whenever someone gives me a
positive, I'll like, you know what I
mean? If it's like if I want them to
become more emphatic, I'll push back on
them,
>> right? If I want more detail, I'll I'll
ask a clarifying question,
right? I really need to do it now. Be
like, now really? They go like, "Oh,
yeah." You know, like it works on
everybody always like, you know what I
mean? It's like like, "Oh, I really I
really want to eat this cake." Really?
You eat this cake? Right? It's like,
"Yeah, it's [ __ ] great cake, dude."
Right? You know what I mean? Like, they
just it's just how people work. You just
give them a little push and they'll push
back like a little bit harder, you know,
because they're they're digging in on
their like I am right. People want to be
right all the time. Like, let them be
right.
You know,
>> and so but but if you want detail, you
ask. You're like, "Oh, like what? Like
why now, though?"
>> Oh, because this is and this. Okay,
makes sense.
>> And so after you're pushing back, are
you then looping straight away? Are you
saying are you kind of offering like how
would you like to proceed from here?
>> Well, it sort of depend. It's it's
tricky one because it depends on the
conversation goes. You know what I mean?
So like it's it's it's when I feel like
I need to like sort of stamp the feet,
redirect, and go because I can crowbar
in. It's like, okay, like all that aside
though, like what are the actual
tangible action steps that you need to
take, right? In order to so I can sort
of like I can just sort of get it in.
It's pretty it's a pretty easy thing to
just get in, right? And so it's when I
want to retake control and then I think
it's going off into like it's going off
into La La Land, so let's come back down
into the now.
>> It's like, okay, I understand all that.
like Christmas is coming up and you know
you've got you've got a you've got
cousins coming in and there's like you
know there's this this and this
available but like you know your your
your current circumstances don't change
the thing that you have to do to
actually get the outcome. You know what
I mean? Like if you want to be a gold
medalist it doesn't matter where you are
what you're doing you have to do the
things to be a gold medalist right so
what are the actual tangible action
steps that you need to take in order to
Right. So like you just [ __ ] just
crowbar and then retake control.
Um, is there any other steps or is that
kind of the the framework?
>> Well, it's just a constant like it can
escalate to the point where you're like
you, the business owner, the father, the
leader, the person who's ultimately
responsible if your kids have [ __ ]
food, like what do you need to do to
when you go to bed tonight? You know
that like you can go pretty hardcore
with it. You just don't want to escalate
to that too quickly because like it's
sort of like, man, you got to like lube
it up a bit, mate. Like it's a little
bit rough, right? So you want to kind of
just do small series of escalations, you
know what I mean? To do that, maybe like
four or five with and you got to sort of
practice like I'm making one question
worded differently, which is adding more
definitive terms, labeling, and time
frames. Like it's a little bit
complicated, but it's it's not when you
sort of write it out and you see it, you
know what I mean? But it's the in
between bit that is very difficult to
script. you sort of can't because you
don't know where that's going to go. You
know what I mean? Which is sort of the
difficult part. But again, we're in a
part where like we're yoloing anyway at
this point.
>> Definitely.
>> You know,
>> like we've gone through all the major
stuff. I would say 70 to 80% of
objections will be handled with a good
logistical
work frame. So, if you're going to put
time into something, this is not the
thing to put time into.
Okay? This is the thing a lot of people
put time into for some reason, but it's
bec like the reason why they get them a
lot is because they're not good at
handling logistical objections,
right? Because everybody likes the
reframes
and they think they're cool and so
people will default to doing them out of
a bias of thinking it sounds cool. And
then it's way easier as a sales rep to
think that everyone has a mindset issue
because you kind of suck at sales,
right? And this is like that's the brain
thinking of like if I'm really good, I'm
pretty good at tying up urgency and they
kind of want to do it and then they have
some basic ass concerns and we just
overcome them, right? It's not to like,
you know, not like the amount of times
that I would get one of these objections
these days would be pretty minimal. You
know what I mean? But they're a really
good thing to learn how to handle. And
then the better you get, the less of
them you end up doing. I don't do any
reframes anymore at all. Like very, very
rarely. Like even during calls, I really
don't do them. But I teach them because
like what's you know, you have to crawl,
walk, run. So, if I teach someone, this
is what a lot of people don't understand
that advice that I give has to be
contextual to the individual I'm giving
it to and the circumstances they're in.
So, because if I'm going to teach
someone to get the fastest way around a
100 meter track and I go, it's
sprinting. What if they're a baby? Then
it's crawling,
right? If you're a baby, crawling is the
fastest way.
Makes sense. So if I say sprinting is
definitively the fastest way, I'm the
[ __ ] idiot.
What if they're in a wheelchair
and I go, "You have to [ __ ] sprint.
It's the only way." It's like, "Oh,
maybe not. What if I have a car anyway?"
So like, you know, like what's correct
for you might not be correct for me. You
know what I mean? It's all sort of there
is no wrong. It's just whatever works.
All right. Santa. Yeah. Sorry.
>> Oh, sorry. you have um I I run a fitness
coaching company and I'm just curious is
there any assets that you have on
YouTube and I've watched most of your
stuff but uh for objection handling in a
fitness based offer in any of whether
it's logistical or fear or just
>> be honest man most of it was born in
fitness so like just
>> well I used to work for James K when um
when you were teaching Laura and James
back in the day so that's how I first
>> um I'll see I probably got some I
probably got this stuff from James
actually I'll see
I'll see if I still got it. I'll post it
up. But most of the stuff that I've got,
it was made
>> from [snorts] doing fitness sales for
eight years, right? So like it's the
sort of underlying because it's so like
vast in what you get. Like it's one of
the more difficult types of selling and
most of the top reps that I know all
came from fitness and now they can sell
whatever because like it's a very you
it's a very difficult form of selling.
And between Josh and Yash, who I should
role play with for fitness, is there
anyone who's a bit of a goat?
>> Fitness. Josh.
>> Josh.
>> Josh is [ __ ] bro. I've been training
that dude for two years. He is [ __ ]
good.
Like
>> good. 60% plus close rate. Like [ __ ]
savage.
He's fantastic, right?
>> Thank you, bro.
>> All right, Sveta.
Yeah, I probably got a weird question,
but I know somebody brought up island uh
analogy um or reframe, whatever you call
it. And I know that in a lot of content
that you had posted before, you were
bringing it up and I was actually
struggling to to apply it. Uh that
transition framework that you were
sharing right now, is it replacing the
island analogy? And like maybe you can
explain. Mhm.
>> Yeah. So, the island, I'm pretty sure
it's in the Matrix, right? But it's it's
a bit overcooked in my opinion these
days. Like it's a little bit um uh it's
just a bit too long, right? Like you can
get the same thing in different ways.
All it is is a concept of like uh you're
here, you want to get somewhere else.
You have to think differently and you
have to believe that the thing is that
you can actually do it and then you
actually have to do it.
>> Right? So the analogy, right? You can't
see the you can't you can't see the
[ __ ] the mountain but you need to get
to it. So at some stage you have to one
believe it's there, two pick a direction
and three you have to start swimming
knowing that you might drown. The reason
why I picked that is because like why I
went that way was because the drowning
part was important. I need the failure
to be like an option that we have to
openly discuss, right? But like you can
either sit there hoping and praying for
the rest of your life that at some stage
something presents itself to you
or
like you know you can actually just
[ __ ] do something
right but there's a lot of people
waiting for that [ __ ] thing to
present itself and mate it's probably
not or maybe this is it. You know what I
mean? So like you have to take a leap of
faith. That's the whole point behind it,
you know. Um, and so that transition
frame, it's relatively similar. It's
again, you can say it in a number of
different ways. Uh, you know, I think
you can do it more concise. Um, but
that's sort of the idea, right?
>> So, whenever you were using that island,
u analogy right now,
>> well, it's a I gota understand it's a
break in case of emergency.
>> Like, we're deep down the rabbit hole at
this point.
>> Okay.
>> You know what I mean? Like it's not a
thing that I would want to do or you
know what I mean? It's like uh mate
we're [ __ ] we're pretty we're we're
gone for a while now and like I'm just
just pulling out [ __ ] arrows like
Hawkeye trying to just figure out what
opens the door,
>> you know? And it's just an arrow in the
quiver. That's all it is.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. Cool. Uh all right. Who's next?
>> Uh so who's number two? Uh yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> What's going on?
>> I think Ed's first.
>> No, you're you're number two. Good even.
Oh, oh, Ed. Sorry. Yeah, Ed Ed, you're
up. Sorry. Y
>> Yeah, man. Um, you mentioned the
guarantee briefly there. Um,
>> we we do like a unconditional guarantee
service base. Would you still not bring
that up at all?
>> Uh, I mean, it's more of a it's more of
a business based question. Do you know
what I mean? Um, but like I I I think
guarantees are [ __ ] You know what I
mean? Like in general, like there's so
many stipulations around them and like
selling based off a guarantee I think
puts a weird tinge on it.
>> I think as like a fallback, if it's part
of the business, fine. You know what I
mean? If I'm a rep in your business, I
wouldn't ever talk about it.
Mhm.
>> Like I would as me personally, that's
just a me thing because I I actually
find it harder
if if that's kind of an underlying
thesis that you're using at the
beginning. I find it more difficult,
right? To because like I don't get the I
feel like people it's like selling
financing, right? I feel like you just
sort of end up only getting the the deal
because of like or maybe getting the
deal and if the financing doesn't go
through, you know what I mean? and then
they're not going to do it. It's like I
really want them I want them to want it
so bad if they can't do it they'll cry.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So that's just a me thing.
>> Um
>> cool. And then um just one more thing if
that's all right with the how much
longer question. Um are we are we
actually looking for a time frame on
that? Like do we push until we get a
time frame or we basically just looking
for them to say I don't want to any
longer? I mean, they're going to say
something like that anyway. If they do
say a time frame, right? Then, you know,
you can just say like, well, what's
different then than now? You know, and
then just and then kind of sweep
straight into like like what are the
tangible action steps? It's sort of one
of those things where if you get an
answer that's really good for you, dive
in on it. If you get an answer that's
like meh, just [ __ ] divert it.
>> You know what I mean?
>> Yeah.
>> Um, cool. And guys, we're 10 minutes
over already, so I'm going to answer
these questions, but if there's seven
part questions about an individual
instance, I'm just muting. All right.
Uh, yaha.
>> Yeah, man. You can call me in the scene,
by the way, if that's that's easier for
you.
>> Okay. Anyways, so my question was and I
know obviously you know you have to buy
how you sell, but I was curious what's
like the consequences for the prospect
if they go and think about it for 24
hours like what are the consequences for
them
>> that decision making process?
>> It seems like an impossible question to
answer because I don't know the person
but it's just more of the same right. Uh
the chances are like conceptually I
think this is what you're asking. Okay.
Uh, conceptually,
there is no difference between putting
things off for a day or a week or a
month or a year. Okay. Now, if we look
at this logically,
if I've uh consistently gotten fatter
every [snorts] single month for 12
months, what are the chances of me
thinking my way out of that?
If every single thought that I've had
over the last year has caused me to gain
weight consistently, there is a very
small chance
that I think my way out of that. I'm
just going to rationalize and justify,
which is what human beings are fantastic
at.
Right? I do this [ __ ] thing because and
it's fair enough because
right and like I it's now isn't a good
time and I I have a check in and a
savings and takes three business days to
move money across and like Christmas is
coming up and then like it's New Year's
and
right it's just the way it is right so
um the logical conclusion is that they
they if something is worth doing it's
worth doing now
there's ab like if you have a diet and
you're serious about it Why would you
start it on Monday? Why wouldn't you
start it instantaneously?
I'm going to start on Monday. Okay.
What? So, you're going to eat like crazy
for the next 5 days, gain five pounds
that you can spend the next [ __ ] the
first month trying to lose that stupid,
right? We all do it though, just to be
fair.
Right.
>> Right. But that's that's sort of it.
Yeah. Uh Lucio.
>> Yeah. How do you go about distressing
the prospect after you do the price
drop? uh if it gets really anxious about
it. I know it's with non buyer language,
but could you give me
>> I don't I don't think I can answer the
question because I don't
uh I I would be it would be weird if
someone was distressed
a lot. Like as in if most of your
prospects are distressed, there's
something else going on. And I I don't
know how to like it's an odd like
distress is a very particular word. So I
don't know if you're using that but I
>> don't know stress.
>> Yeah. But it's like they haven't I don't
know why they'd be stressed.
>> Uh because you know I'm trying to to be
do bigger deals. So first I do the
double amount so I can tell them hey so
this wouldn't be the same for you.
Sometimes I skip that part and like some
>> I'm just going to time out. I I I
without listening to it, I can't answer
it. It's one of those things like I
there to me it's weird that they're
distressed or stressed out.
>> Like I don't get that. Like I've never
like I don't so I have to listen to it.
So it's it's I mean I could just say I
could give some throwaway answer but it
it you know it's just to sound smart on
a Zoom call type thing. So I I just feel
like I don't have enough information to
be able to answer that question. Right.
>> Sweet. Uh, Sage.
>> Hey. Um, so my first question is, uh, so
if there's multiple times in the
objection handling where the prospect is
saying that it's a good idea, do you
just keep clarifying it every time or is
that going to risk them catching on to
it's like a tactic?
>> I don't really care, you know? Uh,
because you can do it so many ways. You
sure? Really? Why? Okay. Okay.
>> So, you just make sure that you're
clarifying different ways and that'll be
harder to catch on to.
>> Keep it spicy.
>> And then just just so I understand what
you were teaching conceptually because
you were saying uh you don't want to go
for buy because it's going to create the
resistance. Like you don't want to go
for like
>> transaction
>> transaction, right? But then but the
question you're asking is like so what
do we have to do? What are the practical
next steps? Like how how is that not
implying that they transact?
>> Well, no, it's not what are the
practical next steps. It's what are the
action steps,
>> right? So like I need to go to the gym.
I need to like figure out a way to get
better lead generation. They might
espouse that to I need to purchase your
program, which is a good thing,
>> right?
>> That's that's good. Be like,
>> right?
>> Okay.
>> Okay. The reason why that wasn't
clicking is for me because I'm selling
solar door too. So there's not like the
transaction there. There's no like
intermediary to the transaction. It's
just it's just the getting the solar
like it's not you see like it's not like
going to the gym or eating better. It's
just you just get the solar like you you
do transact. That is the practical next
step.
>> Yeah. You sign book your
>> Yeah. Exactly. But like again it depends
on the outcome that they're looking for
because people buy solar for a number of
reasons,
>> right? um like and and and like people
buy solar to save money, save the earth
or look like they're saving the earth to
their neighbors, right? So, right, you
know what I mean? So, um and if it's to
save money, why do they want to save
money? How much money they save? What
are they going to do with that extra
money? Right? Like what what does it do?
And if they're looking to save the
earth, how important is that to them?
Right? And so, it's an underlying like
there's a tangible and an emotional and
everyone makes that like off that. You
know what I mean? And so, uh, or it
could even be like, you know, if they
have battery system, it could be like
mitigation, prepper mitigation,
>> right?
>> Uhuh.
>> You know, and so, so it's like, yeah,
what do you have to do to get your
outcome? Your outcome is, hey, you want
to get solar, too,
>> right?
>> And it's not just because I want it. You
know what I mean? There is a reason for
it. It might not be super deep and you
don't need to make things deeper than
what they are, but it's like, okay, so
like, you know, what are the tangible
action steps that you would need to take
in order to put yourself in the best
position to start actually saving
on your power bill?
>> Mhm.
>> Well, we we need to really, you know, we
need to get solar or we need to shop
around or you're going to uncover more
things.
>> You know what I mean? Or they're just
going to go, "Yeah, no, I really need to
get a solar thing." It's like, "Okay,
well, how much longer do you want to put
off making that decision?" Mhm.
>> Sun's not getting any brighter,
>> you know. You've only got what, four or
five billion years left on that bad boy,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Um,
>> that's helpful.
>> Okay, cool. Uh, Rez.
>> Yeah. Hi, Matt. Uh, I I just wanted to
ask like how do you I've noticed your
style over other coaches, like how you
get away with asking one word questions
without sounding like an interrogation.
I I I want to know the how you do that.
Is it a specific way you ask or
like
>> uh I think I'm probably just more
genuinely curious,
you know what I mean? It's like uh it's
also practice. It's quite a difficult
thing to do. Um, it makes selling very
fast and you like if the the way that I
sell sell is intentionally quick without
talking fast and it uh it creates a very
interesting
um
it's almost hypnotic. So, uh you ever
like walked down a steep hill and you
just start stumbling
>> and you start going fast? That's what
it's like when you're a prospect with
me.
So, it's hard to stop.
>> What's that? Why? Huh? Okay, makes
sense. You sure, though? Okay. What
about this? Oh, all right. And it's very
hard to lie. It's very hard to not just
tell me the visceral truth, right? Um,
and it's happening very fast and sort of
by the end of it, you don't really know
what's happened. Uh, and so like that's
kind of how it works. It's quite
difficult to do though. Um but it's
years and years and years of practice
and a very good understanding of the
concepts. That's really what it comes
from. Um and and but it's just like why
is that? Oh, okay. You sure though? H
makes sense, you know? And so it's not
hard in terms of its execution like that
>> that those like those really short
questions. Um and also I find people
just use too many words, you know. I
probably use too many words when I
coach, you know. Um, but I'm trying to
like talk to a lot of different people
at a lot of different levels of IQ,
right? That's the truth. Like, yeah,
sort of to be honest. Um, I can't tell
which one of you are, which ones aren't.
Um, but, uh, I have to speak to all of
you. So,
um, yeah, I would I definitely like
one-word interjections, and I think if
you can, uh, practice that,
um, I would highly recommend it because
it will probably cut 10 15 minutes off
your calls.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. [snorts]
All right. Uh,
uh, Abel,
>> and then we'll go you, Kayla. Sorry.
>> So, you Oh, go ahead. All you got.
>> Oh, yeah.
You you you mentioned prior that um when
objection handling um the prospects need
to see the prospect need needs to see
themselves in the frame in the first
person, not like they're looking at a
video game. Do you remember?
>> Oh, that's an associative versus
disassociative.
>> I don't Can you explain that briefly? I
don't I don't get that. Uh, if I say,
um, what would it be like if you were
able to earn a million dollars a year,
right?
What's it like when you earn a million
dollars a year?
>> Um,
>> they're different questions.
>> One is associative and one is
disassociative. What would it be like if
you
>> I see
>> what is it like what what would it be
like if you What is it like when you
selling in English is a [ __ ] cheat
code by the way compared to other
languages. It's so much more precise.
I think English is twice as large twi
two times bigger than the nearest
language in terms of vocabulary. maybe
even two times bigger than maybe even
two times bigger than all the languages
combined.
It's an incredibly extensive and
prodigious
vocabulary.
Uh having a good vocabulary is a
fantastic thing to have in sales. not in
like the douchy way where you use like
you know ad homonyms and stuff like that
but it's like if you can be precise with
your language because like if I like if
I like [clears throat] if I can say if I
can use a very precise word that's like
a well-known word over the you know sort
of um over a more generic then I can be
really really accurate
which means that the intent of my
question is incredibly
right,
you know, which is a cool thing. Um,
does that make sense though, Abel?
>> Yeah, definitely makes sense. I thought
it was more complicated than than what
it was.
>> Oh, yeah, for sure. Uh, Caleb, last one.
Yeah. I just want to be clear real
quick. So, someone hits you with, I need
to think about it, whatever. I need a
day or two. You're sol you're going
right into solving money first and
working your way towards fear. You're
not jumping into like the the transition
identity first, right? Well, if I'm
going to ask them what they want to
think about,
>> right?
>> Okay. And then that that'll kind of let
you know which direction to go.
>> What do you want to think about?
>> Well, I just make sure the finances make
sense. Okay. Money aside, though, do you
feel this will work?
>> I see.
>> You know, so like I have to I have to
clarify that because it's like think
about it's like
>> I want to go to sleep on it. It's not a
[ __ ] mattress, mate.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what I mean? What are you going
to sleep on, Chad? Right. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> I've said that
>> 100%. I love that line.
>> Thank you.
>> Not a mattress, buddy. What are you
sleeping on?
>> Right. Try and break the tension a
little. Um, all right. Cool. All right,
guys. I got to run because I went 23
minutes over. Um, uh, if you guys like
this, uh, I'd love you to, uh, post
about it on your Facebook or your
Instagram, whatever it is, and then go
into that, uh, YouTube chat and let us
know something that you got from today.
Uh, but appreciate all of you. I'll see
you soon. All righty, guys. How are we?
>> Good.
Okay. All right, guys. Today, what we're
going to be going over, uh, is role
play, okay? So, uh, we're going to be
hearing more specifics, okay? But I want
to hear kind of people do it. Um, so
we've gone over, uh, just to recap,
session one was all about money, session
two is about partner, session three was
about making the transition into more of
that fear-based kind of, uh, reframing.
Uh session four was yesterday which is
great which was um uh Shane
Heatherington uh going over follow-up
processes stuff like that. If you
weren't there live the uh recording is
being rendered at the moment. So um and
then it will be uploaded because the
stream is a bit
um but you know streams be streaming.
Um, so what we're going to be doing is
going over I'll do a quick recap, okay?
Um, of you know, kind of exactly how
it's done and then from there we'll kind
of just get straight into it. Do some
role play, have a look at some tonality,
intonation, etc., etc. Okay. All right.
So, uh, just as a as a as a recap, okay,
uh, when it comes to dealing with money,
okay, the important things are that
we're going money aside, okay? Okay. So,
we're going to remove the objection and
then from there it's like money aside,
do you feel like this could be the
answer for you? Okay. The wording is
important. We don't want to over
complicate. We don't want to start to,
you know, just kind of put a whole bunch
of crap in there, right? Um because
every deviation change uh from from
something is going to invite new
variables. Okay. The matrix has been
posted a few times, mate. It's in the
it's in the groove. I posted it up. So,
just go on that go on that thing and
have a look. If not, the link to it in
the notion.
Um
uh and then um
so
right, where was I? Um yeah, so uh you
want to remove it. You want to be nice
and particular with your language and
you want to be able to replicate it the
same way every time, especially for like
your initial ways of doing it, right?
like the outbound should be done one
way, you know, when you get a moneyction
that that that very very first that very
very first uh like line again, it should
all be pretty much identical because
then you're going to get the most
consistent
possible way of doing it. Okay. Um so
you go money aside the answer for you.
Uh they're going to say yes, right? If
they don't, then you've got bigger
issues. That's not objection handling at
that point. That's just, you know,
that's a lost cause. Um and then it's
like yes, would you mind telling me why?
Okay. And then what we want to do is get
them just to dig in, just get us a
little bit of detail and then uh you
know, is there anything that you think
specifically is like the key to the
castle for you? Something along those
lines. We want them to get them to go
back through the pitch in their mind and
just resolidify the fact that yes, this
is what I need. This is what I want.
Okay. If you give vague if you're vague
about the question, okay, um then
they're going to give you vague answers.
Okay. Um, and that's why there's a
difference between like, uh, you know,
do you feel like this could be the
answer for you? That is a better
question than like do you feel like this
would work?
They sound similar. They're very
different. Okay? One is like yes, the
other one is like yes, depends. Okay?
So, you don't have to deal with that.
All right? And then from there uh try
and go through and then uh you know uh
get like get more detail and then it's
what are some ways you can come up with
the funds to where you can and then get
the exact and they say they just need
exact thing right pretty simple
straightforward and then we go through
you know uh dropping payment plan
whatever it may be uh and then you know
figure out like the logistical side and
then we go how do you want to proceed
all right so that's how we do the money
okay pretty straightforward uh The key
is just do it concise and just don't
wrap a whole bunch of unnecessary
useless words around it. That is just
going to make things more complex than
what it needs to be. The next, okay, is
partner. Okay, remember uh you know if
your partner was here, okay, uh don't
say things like if your partner didn't
exist, you know, you didn't have a
partner, right? Like these are stupid
things to say. So just go okay well if
your partner is here and they were on
the call and they had all the context do
you feel like they would you know uh be
on board with you they getting the
skills or you know what I mean you don't
want to say like buying the program you
don't want to have a transactionbased
question you want to have either like a
skills or a software do you feel like
your business partner would be on board
with you getting the automations in to
be able to you know get the outcome does
that make sense yeah then from there uh
there's a good question um which which
we kind of put in there um which is uh
you know if you uh you know what do you
think your partner might be most
apprehensive about. Okay, that's a
really good way for that uncover that
person's um
people jumping in. That's a great way
for you to uncover the objection that
person doesn't want to tell you. Okay,
so it's like they can use their partner
as a scapegoat, right? And then from
there you can go through go through all
that palava, right? And then um you know
uh the the really important part is that
you get to uh what happens if your
partner says no. Okay, that's the
trickiest part of a partner objection.
You have to be able to ask that
questions many times in many different
ways until you get an answer. If the
answer is I will not move forward
without them, then you probe test to
make sure that it's real. Once you once
you're pretty confident, then from there
you must speak to the partner. Okay. uh
if they say, "Well, I'm going to move
forward regardless." Right? This is more
of an FYI conversation than is a
permission conversation. Then you then
you start to like hammer them down and
then you start to put the decision-m on
them. Okay. All right. So, that's a
little recap.
All right. So,
uh what we'll do is we'll have someone
hop up and be a prospect and then I'll
go through we'll just go through
baseline. You can do some tricky [ __ ] if
you want, but whatever. Um, so, uh,
who's like half season of being a
prospect? What about you, Ben? Ben
Kenbach. You have a great background.
>> Oh, thanks.
>> Yeah. Um, all right. What do you sell?
Well,
>> uh, social media marketing.
>> Okay, that makes sense. Uh, okie dokie.
All right. Uh, so I'll be the sales guy.
>> Cool.
>> Uh, and go from there. Um, all right,
Ben, it's XYZ money for some social
media marketing. Uh, how do you want to
proceed?
Yeah. No, I I think it all sounds good.
I just need a
>> How's that?
>> Uh what do you mean?
>> You think it sounds good?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, like I I I liked
what you went over. Um you know, if it
works, I think that uh it'd be good for
us. I just need to check with the the
bean counters and make sure that, you
know, we have the the funding for it.
>> Okay, that makes sense. Money aside,
though, do you feel like this could be
the answer for you?
>> Uh yeah, I think it could be.
>> Why is that? or do you feel it couldn't?
>> Well, I I mean you guys obviously like
you know you have a lot of strong case
studies and seems like the strategy has
has worked for other people and you know
so if we were able to get like millions
of views then obviously that would you
know help us where get where we need to
go.
>> Yeah, maybe right. Hopefully. Um is
there anything specific that I've kind
of put together that you feel like would
be like ah like that's what we've been
missing or kind of the key to the castle
for you?
Yeah, I just think it's like all the
little stuff you guys talked about
about, you know, the research and the,
you know, hooks, frameworks, all that
kind of stuff. Um, I just think that
that's what we're missing.
>> Okay. I guess like, so what are some
ways that I guess you can come up with
the funds to where you can get access to
the hooks, the frameworks, you know, be
one of those next testimonials, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it's just,
you know, we're spending a lot on on
marketing in other areas and so it's
just a matter of, you know, seeing
pulling some funding from those
marketing sources and kind of putting
them into this.
>> Do you feel like that'd be worth doing?
>> If it worked, I think it it would be.
Yeah.
>> Okay. And how are you going to know if
it if it if that's going to be a good
decision or not?
Um,
that that's a great question. I really
think, you know, I guess I just have to
try it.
>> Okay. All right. Well, like I guess do
you feel like what we put together would
would be worth trying?
>> Yeah, I think it would.
>> Okay. Besides what you've already said,
is there anything else that like makes
you, I guess, more or even maybe like
less confident that it would work?
I mean, it really it's just like, you
know, we're pretty niche. Um, it's not
like we're like a, you know, a plumber
or something. There aren't like
thousands of us. So, I don't know. Like,
I I would hope and you showed me some
niche examples. So, again, I would hope
it would work, but I just have to try it
and see how it's going.
>> Okay. All right. Cool, man. And so,
like, is it the upfront amount that's
kind of uh, you know, making the risk
tolerance a little bit hard to bear or
if we broke it up for you? Like, would
that help? Yeah, breaking it up that
that could help for sure as far as
getting
>> Yeah. Do you want to have that
conversation?
>> Yeah. Yeah. What would that look like?
>> Yeah, for sure. Man, it's pretty normal,
right? A lot of clients that come to us
because they're looking to get more
reach, which equals more income, right?
You know, they might be allocating
resources that that doesn't quite make
sense or isn't getting the ROI. Yeah.
So, it's pretty normal to break it up,
right? So, we usually do, you know, X
payments over XYZ. Like, would that
would that help more within kind of your
current budget?
>> Uh, yeah. Yeah, that would be better for
sure. Okay, cool. Well, you feel like it
it works out and you feel like it works
on the budget and it puts you in the
best position to kind of get your
outcome like how do you want to proceed
from here?
>> Yeah. No, I I think that that would
work. Um I just want to go to the team
um and just make sure you know my uh you
know my partner is 5050 on this thing
and um just out of respect just want to
talk to them about it first.
>> Yeah, for sure. I guess if your partner
was on the call, you know, and they had
it kind of all the context and like
they're here right now. I guess do you
feel like they'd be on board with you
putting in a system like this to where
you can get more views and you know you
feel like that'd be a good allocation of
resource?
>> I don't know if they would. Um they
they're kind of
>> what do you think you think your partner
might be most apprehensive about?
>> Just like I think they're just skeptical
about social media in general a little
bit, right? Like they kind of push
towards more of like the Google click
like SEO kind of a thing. Um, and so I
just have to make sure that they were
okay with the spend there.
>> For sure, man. And like I guess like
what uh like in terms of like delegation
of priorities in the business, like do
you guys have kind of set roles? Like
what's your role versus like their role?
Like like whose domain does it sort of
sit in?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So um I'm I'm the CEO.
Um and they're kind of, you know,
they're the the CMO. They also do like
operations a little bit too. Um
>> Okay.
>> So it's important to get the you know,
the buyin from marketing folks. Yeah.
No, for sure, man. For sure, man. But
like ultimately, who is the person who,
I guess, bears the responsibility
whether this works or fails.
>> I mean, I guess at the end of the day,
you know, buck stops with the CEO, so
it's me.
>> Okay. All right. Cool. And do you feel
like this puts you in the best position
possible to be able to actually achieve
your outcome?
>> Uh, if it worked, Yeah, I think it could
for sure.
>> Yeah. I mean, like, you know, we can
always say that if it worked thing. You
know what I mean? uh you know if you got
a lottery ticket if it worked that'd be
a great investment right you know what I
mean
>> but there's sort of no way there's sort
of no way to know on that one and all we
can do is put ourselves in in a position
to be able to succeed
>> you know so do you feel like doing
something like this puts you in a good
position to be able to succeed
>> yeah yeah I think so
>> and so ultimately like let's say you go
to your partner and he's just like no I
just don't see it like what happens then
>> man we'd have to have a kind of a hash
it out conversation
Um, you know,
>> and then at the end of that
conversation, he goes, "Nope, I don't
see it." What happens at the end of that
conversation?
>> There's no way he says that.
>> What if he does?
>> What if he's had a bad day? I know he's
married, but Mrs. has been, you know,
difficult to deal with. You know, things
have been going. He hasn't slept for a
couple days. He's in a bad mood, and
he's just like, "Nah, [ __ ] SEO.
What happened?
>> Man, I I don't know. I I mean, I think,
you know, I'd just I'd just have to talk
him into it.
>> But what if you couldn't?
>> Well, if I wanted to do it, I'd do it
anyway.
>> Why?
>> Because it's kind of like you said, like
I'm the buck stops with me and so, you
know.
>> Okay. All right. So like man like you
know there's a couple ways that we can
do this and I think either way would
would would work just depends on how you
approach it. Generally speaking, when
like in this scenario, like I'm a fan of
the confident approach, right? But you
can go to your partner and go, "Hey,
there's this thing I kind of sort of
maybe want to do, right? I think I think
it's a good idea, but like I want to get
your feedback. You know, let's see if we
can maybe do this, right?" The other way
is like, "Hey, there's this thing that I
think that we should do. Um uh this is
what I want to do and this is what we
will do, right? But obviously I respect
it. So what I've done is I've gone and
done this. But obviously like you know
if you're not on board with it uh then I
can just call them right now and we can
take it away. Right. But you know I feel
like this is enough of a thing where I
wanted to commit to it. Right. So like
which way do you think kind of puts you
in a better position to be able to get
the outcome knowing like you and your
business partner and then that kind of
dynamic? Do you feel like going in there
like hey I've done this but obviously I
can back out of it if you're not cool
with it but I feel confident enough in
it to be able to actually put my balls
in the line and say like this is what
I'm pretty sure we should do.
I mean, yeah. I just think that would,
you know, obviously be better. It's a
little bit more powerful that way.
>> Yeah. You know, and it's sort of like
it's that burden of responsibility,
right? If you're gonna, you know, if
you're going to take the if you're going
to take the win, you have to be the one
who's willing to take the loss, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Cool.
>> Cool, man. How How do you want to
proceed from here?
>> Um, well, I definitely think that'll
work. Um, I can bring it to them. I just
the the way I make decisions. I I I
always just sleep on it for for 24
hours, you know? Like it's just the way
that I do things. It's the way I've
always done.
>> Not a [ __ ] mattress, mate. No, I'm
just kidding.
>> I'm just kidding.
>> Yeah, man. Like that kind of makes
sense, right? Because like you're on,
you know, sort of this is a a new thing.
You guys looking to scale and ramp up
and it's like you're on this side of the
bridge and you want to kind of get to
that side of the bridge, right?
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and so we all kind of make
decisions based off where we are, based
off our own perspective. And so I I
guess you know um I guess ultimately are
are you let me ask you a question. Are
are you kind of uh 100% happy with where
you're at in terms of social media, you
know, marketing, yacht xyz, whatever the
problem was the call. Yeah. No. No, I'm
not.
>> Okay. And so that kind of decision-m
process has caused you to kind of I
guess ultimately not be happy with your
results and where where you are right
now, but also like the decision that
you're, you know, the the exact thought
process you have right now, right? It's
caused you to be where you are. How much
longer do you want to allow that
decision-m process to kind of dictate,
you know, the result of the business
moving forward?
>> Yeah. I I mean I guess that's kind of
the question is like what decision will
I make because you know I could also put
this into you know the SEO thing and it
might work but like you know no I don't
want it to I wouldn't want this to have
us keep getting these results on social
media for much longer.
>> Much longer.
>> Yeah because it much like two days, two
weeks, two months, two years.
>> What's the what's the good time? What's
what's the time frame?
>> Yeah, not much longer. We need to make a
decision pretty soon here.
>> What's that? What's that though? Like
you I always say like, you know, let's
just say I took a 600lb guy and I took a
triathlete and then I swap their brains,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> Like that 600 lb body with the
triathlete brain makes the decision as
soon as it gets into that body to get to
because that that body is is a
triathlete. It's just out of shape,
right? They start swimming, running,
cycling the second they get in that
body, right? Because they they do the
thing. A triathlete is not someone who
competes. And you have to you have to
start training to be a triathlete. You
have to be a triathlete. You know what I
mean? In your brain, you have to already
be there,
>> right? And the six and the and the, you
know, and the 600 lb brain in the
triathlete body makes those decisions as
well, right? And so like, you know,
putting it off doesn't really help.
>> You know what I mean? You either start
making the decisions and once you make
the decisions, you act, right? It's
like, you know, you could start your
diet on Monday or you could just start
it now. Which one benefits you more?
>> Start now obviously. Yeah.
>> Yeah, for sure. So, like, what do you
feel like you need to do to kind of put
yourself in the best position to be able
to actually get your business to where
you want to be?
I just really feel like I need to like
make sure go work through this in my
mind to make sure that this is the best
thing because like obviously like you
know it's it's it's important um and but
there are other things that are
important too. So and and those things
are
>> Yeah, for sure. For sure man. And that's
all we can do is do the thing that we
think puts us in the best possible spot,
right? Um, but if you don't, if the only
way that you can know that it was a good
decision is if you did it,
how do you think on that?
>> I mean, that's a good point,
>> right? Do you do you feel like what I've
put together, given your kind of best
educated guess, do you feel like it
would work?
>> Best educated guess? Yes. But
>> And do you feel like the testimonials
were real or do you think we faked them?
AI maybe.
>> No, I'm sure they were real, but like
you know how many people like those are
your best ones, right? So
>> for sure.
So let's just say worst case scenario,
right? You got three. Best, worst,
middle.
>> Worst case scenario,
it it shits the bed entirely. Are you
broke?
>> No.
>> Uh best case scenario, it hits and you
are uh the next Alex Ramoszi. Is that a
good thing?
It's unlikely. I will say that.
>> I don't know. Yeah, some parts could be
good. Yeah, some parts.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, being a,
you know, 30-y old billionaire would be
all right. Right. It's a It's a living.
It's a living. Um, and then the middle
case scenario, it um, you know, adds
status, gets more leads, and does pretty
well, and just overall gives you guys
another lead source that allows you guys
to nurture people more. You know what I
mean? And just get more authority in the
marketplace.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> Right.
>> So, best, worst, middle, all of them are
okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Worst is not ideal. You know what I
mean?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, like, so what are the tangible
action steps that you as a CEO need to
take in order to put your business in
the best position to be able to actually
achieve the outcomes that you want?
>> I guess I just need to like make a
decision.
>> Okay. And how much longer do you want to
put off making a decision?
>> Well, not much longer.
How much longer?
>> Well, I really like to have just 24
hours to sleep on it just to make sure
that it's good.
>> Make sure it's good.
>> Yeah, cuz I still feel kind of like
hesitant, you know.
>> Yeah. Why do you think that is?
>> I just think, you know, 30 grand is it's
not nothing, you know? I'm like, I'm not
going to be broke, but it's a pretty big
investment from from our marketing side.
>> Yeah, for sure. Do you feel like if you
were making more money, it would be less
of an investment?
Like it would be less of a hit. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
And how much how much longer do you want
that to be a big hit?
>> Well, I don't want it to be a big hit.
>> Okay. So, what do you need to do to make
30 grand? A sort of relatively
investment for you.
>> I guess I got to invest.
>> Okay. So, what do you want to do from
here?
>> Let's move forward. What are next steps?
>> Give me 30 grand, [ __ ]
[laughter]
as a prospect like the gifts give
feedback, you know, like how do how do
how do you feel? Um, just like tell the
truth.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean I felt, you know,
like I really did feel kind of hesitant
through the whole thing, but um I just
think like step by step, I just kind of
saw how the only way to stop feeling
that hesitation was to actually do
something because just like putting it
off was, you know, I just think a lot of
the analogies you use, it's kind of
like, yeah, it doesn't make sense to
keep thinking about it. Even though
that's like what I wanted to do, but it
just came to the point where it's like,
no, if you really want to feel better
about it, you just got to like move
forward. So, it's just kind of like a
slow burn, you know? Yeah, I think that
the key is like uh it's a systematic
approach and it's just dealing with one
thing at a time and just staying nice
and cool and calm and collected. Like
people tend to get a little bit agitated
and freak out, right? You know what I
mean? Um and then, you know, it's it's
about it's not about the word tracks. I
want everyone to sort of ignore the word
tracks like they're sort of irrelevant.
It's [snorts] it's just the um it it's
just seeing a problem and then getting
the person to overcome it themselves
because like I can say, "Yeah, but you
should just do it, you know, in a
thousand different ways." It's just not
going to be very meaningful to that
person. And so it's like, okay, I handle
money, great. I handle partner, great.
We're now into like the sort of think
about it territory. The think about it
is just an apprehension of like it is a
lot of money. Yeah. I mean, it's fair
enough to want to go away and think
about it a little bit, but also like if
I've tied off money and partner and the
only thing that they're really saying is
like I just really want to think on this
to make sure it will work. Like there's
there is no amount of thinking you can
do that will solve that, you know, and
so I know that I'm just I have to go
like, okay, so I just have to make this
person more certain, right? I also have
to make them okay with making a decision
where there is no uh absolute certainty.
which is kind of the tricky bit. So I
have to go okay first and foremost you
know let's establish this is really the
thing that is going to work you know
what I mean and then then we have to
establish that um there's no way you can
know that it will or won't work
right and that's kind of like once we
establish that then it's like okay
you know we're just you know we're just
kind of hoping and dreaming anyway uh
but we have to let it be like there is
no 100% % certainty here like I can't
provide that for you. Um and if that's
what you want then you're you're you're
waiting for something that can't be
delivered you know you're waiting for
the the perfect man or the perfect
woman. It's like they don't exist you
know um everyone has flaws and faults.
So like sorry you know there's only one
of me.
Right. That was good. That was a good
that was good prospecting. Um that's a
good thing to do. I appreciate that. Um,
okay. Has anyone got any uh I want to go
through some uh questions, but I would
like to keep them uh conceptbased if we
can and strategy and not like uh
individual word track hypersp specific.
This one guy spoke to me once and said
this. Okay. Uh let's go with uh big rez.
>> Hi Matt. Uh I I just want you to so I
want you to dissect what you're doing
like is it I know you use a bunch of
reframes and analogies but is that can
you just purely rely on that or are you
doing anything else? If you could just
sort of strip away what's what I can see
on the surface and go beneath so I can
understand.
>> For sure. So once you're in fear
territory, all you're trying to do is
like uh identify the underlying issue,
the underlying concern. For this
particular role play, it was uh I I want
to make sure it's going to work. Now,
that is something that none of us can
do. It's like saying, "Tomorrow, I just
really need to make sure I wake up
tomorrow. I'm I don't want to go to
sleep because uh I just really need to
make sure I'm going to wake up. I just
need to think about that." that it's
like well you could die.
>> Yeah.
>> You know like someone could murder your
face while you sleep. You won't know you
know. Um and so this is a level of
certainty in which cannot be obtained
right. Uh and so in once you're in fear
territory
you you kind of have to get them to look
at things in slightly different ways.
And it's like it's like getting an arc,
right? A lot of people will try and like
flip them really quickly and it's like
no but this right and you kind of use
logic but again you know I'm not sure if
it was on this did I tell the story
about how I have like an unrational and
totally irrational fear of like tall
buildings. Okay so I have a completely
irrational fear of tall buildings. I
have no idea why it's not even being on
them. It's being in them. Right. It's
very weird. It's completely irrational.
It's a phobia. I don't know why it
exists but it does. Right. I've
literally, if those of you who know
Centerpoint Tower, I have helicoptered
onto it and roped off the side of it.
Okay, so like I've done that because I
used to be in special forces and all
that kind of stuff. Um uh but being
inside of it, I [ __ ] hate it, mate.
It's like full panic attack mode. So I
was going up the elevator because we
were going up to dinner because um 911
maybe. Uh no, no, it's not. It's not
because it's 911.
Um, I'm not afraid of the of the of of
the government uh faking a building
being fall down, right? Um, so
[laughter]
let's get into that, people. Um, so uh
uh but yeah, so you know, and I
basically having like almost like a
panic attack and you know, if someone
was in that time going, man, the
building's safe like [ __ ] you, we're
going to die, right? Like there is no
rational to that fear. And so uh fear
most of the time, like if you're afraid
of a snake, that's completely rational.
you should be afraid of a snake, right?
Especially Rio, you know, um but like
you know there most fears are a little
bit irrational and so uh dealing with it
with logic is just not a good idea. So
you have to deal with it um that like
they have to work themselves through it
and then how they do that is a little
bit individual but all my job is is to
kind of like oppose the question that
maybe gets them to look at it
differently.
And so like my questions are like
>> you know examples are like okay what
like how like how will you know
just a simple question like that okay so
like like like like like how would you
know the problem is it has to be
delivered in a curious way it's not yeah
but like how would you know that's not
going to go well
you know um you know and so it's just
about finding that and then being able
to and a lot of it
conversational fluency.
>> Yeah. You
>> know, and it's like being good at
talking to people is that side of it.
There's a little bit of that because I
have to be able to kind of put things
together. Now, what you can do is you
can put together common themes and then
uh like uh simple reframes like that 600
pound person one. I've used that 12,000
times [clears throat]
>> because it's it's a really simple one of
like the the brain dictates like it's
it's the action that dictates the
identity,
right? Like I I need to start acting as
if I'm a triathlete and then my body
will fall into line.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. But without the action there is
no
thought. The way that human brains work
is feeling, thought, action. Right.
Right. I had a friend of mine who was in
a helicopter crash and he lost the
ability to feel emotions for about a
year and a half, right? It was very it
was a brain injury, right? Uh it was
very interesting. It was like
catastrophically sad to see at times
because he was a [ __ ] ruthlessly
brutal human being. Like kids would walk
in and be like, "Fuck your fat." Right?
Like like brutal ruthless like horrible.
Uh but he could not even make a decision
to to to put on a shoe,
right? because he had no feeling. He had
no emotional weighing between left and
right. Whereas when you put on your
shoes, you choose. You feel like putting
on your left shoe first and then your
right shoe, whatever. Okay? Like that's
a feeling. It's an emotion. So he lost
the ability to make cho to to basically
do ch have to have make to make a
choice. Okay. Um and he also lost memory
because without an emotion there's no
memory anchor. So he has no memory of
that time whatsoever.
Wow.
>> So, which is quite interesting without
without an emotion there is no ability
to store memory.
>> So, um so yeah, so it's pretty
interesting. Um but so you have to feel
something to think something to do
something,
>> right? Uh and so going looking at it
that way, it's sort of you can start to
sort of uh uncover and then you can
start to sort of presscript certain
really common issues and they're just
really subtle ways of getting a person
and gently nudging them in the direction
of like seeing the error in their
decision-m process and they're, you
know, the error in their like, well, I
need to I need to make sure this is
going to work. This
>> it's impossible. Mhm.
>> And they're going to get into analysis
paralysis and nothing will change, you
know. So that that that's where all
those analogies do the same thing that
it's the exact same thing. It's just
designed to go the way this is the way
you're currently thinking, which is fine
and makes sense, but what about this?
And it's quite gentle. And then they go,
"Oh, I hadn't thought of it that way."
>> And that's when they start convincing
themselves. Make sense?
>> Makes a lot. So what you're saying Yeah.
Just to summarize what you said was use
conversational fluency to redirect the
conversation in a curious way and then
plug in the reframes and analogies.
That's it.
>> Yeah, that's once you get into that
component where you've tied off money
and partner, right? I had the money, I
had the partner, I had all that stuff.
Without that, it's moot. It's a waste of
time,
>> right? You know what I mean? Yeah.
>> And then like most of the time, the the
money and the partner thing will just
tie it off.
You know what I mean? Especially if done
in like a non-aggressive way. You're not
like forcing their hand. You know what I
mean? Yeah. All right. Cool. Uh Luis,
>> yo, so at what point or what would be
the criteria for you to go straight for
the deposit like after you've, you know,
tied down certainty, tied down money,
tied down spouse.
I mean, if they don't have the money,
right, I would probably I I could get
them to tell me what they have in their
bank account pretty easily,
you know, like uh like, hey, you know,
one one there's a good one. It's like,
hey, like, you know, once you've tied
everything off and they're in, right?
Like, yeah, you have to make that
assertion if we're going to talk about
this, right? Like they're they they
really want to do it and they're in,
we've got rid of everything else. It's
like, hey, so like no [ __ ] no ego,
no nothing. I I can't hit a target I
can't see. Like, what are we working
with? Dude, you have a,000 500. Like,
what do you have? Because I don't want
to leave you like with no food because
that would be stupid, right? It's like,
what are we working with here? Let's
just have an honest and frank
conversation. And they'll go, "Yeah,
this." You go, "All right, cool, man.
Let's work this out." You know what I
mean? And if they have $1,000 the name,
don't take 500, mate. I mean, just
[ __ ] be like, "Hey, why don't we
reconnect when you're not poor as fuck?"
All right? like let's let's do that
because
ain't nothing worth going hungry. You
know what I mean? I think we should all
have that as an ethos. We shouldn't take
people's last dollar for sure,
>> right?
>> Uh you they can sell their [ __ ] car,
though. I've done that many times.
>> Well, how does that how does that combo
go? Do you like
>> Well, do you want to do it? Yeah. Sweet.
Well, do you have a [ __ ] PlayStation?
Yeah. Why are you playing PlayStation,
you broke [ __ ]
for logistically. So they they do a
deposit and then you
>> right. No, I just [ __ ] take the bus
go, go sell your car.
>> Like if it if it's something they really
want to do and it's like a good program,
don't make people sell their cars for
[ __ ] programs, right? Don't do it. But
I've had people sell their cars. I've
had people, you know, like like I have a
document which I'll I'll I'll put in
there. It's called like uh 57 ways to
find money. One of them is selling blood
and semen. So like don't like some of
them are funny. Selling a pet, right? Um
you know what I mean? But like there
there are a lot of ways to make money.
There's some funny ones. Um but there's
tons of ways like you know you can look
around your room right now and find
$2,000 worth of junk you don't use that
you can sell on Facebook Marketplace,
right? Anyone right now can go on and do
Uber Eats. And if you're too proud to do
it, then [ __ ] you. You know what I mean?
Like that's the way I look at it.
I I've delivered food. I've like been a
barista. I've been a waiter. You know
what I mean? I've done it all. I don't
mind. I'll do it again. Like I don't
care if I had to feed my family. I I
never will, but [laughter]
I'll never have to do that again, but
it's fine. Um All right, cool. Makes
sense. All right, Joe. Joe me mean mine.
>> Hi, mate. That'll D. It's I don't know
how it's [ __ ] pronounced either, to
be honest. Um
>> what?
>> Yeah. So,
>> [ __ ]
you. What?
>> I I didn't know how it's pronounced
either, to be honest.
>> Okay. All right. I got you. All right.
Uh Wales, Northern Ireland. Where you
from? Uh, England.
>> Yeah. Which bit though? North, right?
>> Uh, Newcastle.
>> Yeah, I was going to say [ __ ] Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> I got family in Newcastle.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> Min City. Um, but but yeah, so um the
question was so obviously you got into
you got into the fear um like with that,
but I guess like earlier on he was given
like you know like uncertain language as
well. Would you like wait to handle the
fear?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Handle money, handle
the logistical stuff first.
>> Right. Okay. Okay.
>> Right.
>> Right. Like always handle that. Like
don't don't divert. Don't get
distracted. You know what I mean?
Because you need the you need the back
stop of the logistical tide off
otherwise the rest of it is somewhat
meaningless.
Make
>> sense. [ __ ] Jordy. All right.
Yeah. [ __ ]
>> All right. Go and go enjoy the Jordy
Shaw.
>> Maybe cousin used to be on that.
>> Really? Which one?
>> Marty.
>> No [ __ ]
>> Yeah. I I had to stop watching it when I
watched me cousin getting [ __ ]
railed. So
>> Yeah, bro. She was a wild one.
>> Yep. Yes, she still is.
>> Yeah. I'm just trying to remember. Uh
Yeah, I remember who that was. Yeah.
Yeah. Hilarious. If you haven't seen
Jordy Shaw, [ __ ] treat yourself. If
you like trash TV, Jordy Shaw is a
absolute [ __ ]
like dogs breakfast of a TV show. It is
incredible. It is um it's uh what's the
New Jersey one?
>> Jersey Shore.
>> Jersey.
>> Yeah, Jersey Shore. It's that but way
worse. They did a a very good episode of
South Sebreak of that one of Pooky, I
think.
>> Jordy Shaw is one.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Anyway, um All right. Uh Lucio.
>> Okay.
>> I love trash TV. It's one of my one of
my uh I love trash dating shows. Me and
my wife watch them. I love them.
[laughter]
>> You're you're a [ __ ] mill. Okay. Okay.
Uh, first dude, I wanted to thank you
for for the space here because like I
cannot stress enough in this [ __ ]
week, my skill level for objection
handling has raised the bar
significantly. Yesterday, I closed my
biggest deal and it's been
>> No, honestly,
>> from now on, everyone should start their
question with um 30 second adoration of
of of myself that I'm just kidding.
Should we call you like King Matt or or
King Rider?
>> It's all right. It's all right. Either
one.
>> Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. Okay. So, King
tell me uh main thing I want to I wanted
to check all the analogies that that we
went through. I had first year and when
we start like if they like if they think
it's helpful of the castle then
erh nonvired language into understanding
if they want to have the conversation on
installment plans the partner comes up
you know brown that is something that we
didn't go through the the role play
today but that's one I took and then on
perspectives of fear it would be bridge
triathlin
triathlete and best okay and worst
possible scenario. And I think
>> yeah, that that was that was the one I
went through. Yeah, it's not like a hard
and fast rule, but yeah, like um that
that was that was a good sort of like
flowchart and synopsis of what happened.
Yeah.
>> No. Okay. Okay.
>> Cool. Thanks.
>> Awesome. All right. Uh Sage,
>> by the way, are you in like a Tesla just
driving around by itself?
>> Yeah, I was.
>> Sick. I was on my way to a sale that I'm
about to jump into right now. But um
>> when it comes to solar, you're obviously
not well maybe not so obviously, but the
way that we do it at our company is
we're always 95% of what we say is a
monthly energy bill. And so I was just
wanted to pick your brain a tiny bit
about uh and maybe the answer is just
dead simple, but since we can't start
with a paid in full and then break it
up. Um I suppose and there's never
really a logistical money concern
really. Like if they say that they have
a money concern, then it's actually just
a sales issue. Like I didn't build a big
enough gap earlier, right? Or is there
any is there any a difference in the way
you'd approach that if you were going to
pitch them monthly from the beginning?
Well, I guess what I would do is sort of
go like let me have a look at my pitch
and then from there, you know, like am I
going to uh start out with I guess a
larger system like more kilowatts, you
know what I mean? And then from there I
drop to potentially a smaller amount of
kilowatts that still kind of gets the
job done. Or maybe I do like a package
that includes larger kilowatts in a
battery,
>> right? And then I have one that's like
uh like like like like no battery,
>> right? You know what I mean? So you sort
of it's just if you can roll the bull
down a hill, it is always easier.
>> So sometimes just like build the hill,
>> okay?
>> But you're always going to be basically
giving them more stuff first. Not you're
not going to start somewhere and then
just go like, "Okay, well if we gave you
some sort of discount that's just going
to lower your status, right? You' never
go for something more like that."
>> I don't believe in the status thing. I
believe like I don't I don't I'm not a
big fan of that. Um because like I think
you should just make the sale, right? Um
and uh
>> so maybe possibly discount is like a
good a good approach like if they're
like no I really don't feel good about
this like okay well if we lowered it a
little bit would that do you feel like
that would you know get
>> and I think if you do go like hey well
like money aside do do you feel like we
you know we can again you got to script
it out it's like because there's got to
be something more than just a saving
that's the logical side there has to be
like an emotional side so during that
sales process you need to sort of tie
those two together somehow and figure
out like we said the other day it's like
is it to save the envir environment,
make it seem like they're saving the
environment for status. Yeah.
>> Is it to save money so they can, you
know, what are they going to do with
that money? What's the plan? Like how
like what's the point? Is it for like
energy independence because of
fluctuating bills and they're a [ __ ]
prepper or something like that? So
again, like you know, do you feel like
we can mitigate the fluctuations in your
bill and actually kind of like allow you
to stop relying on the grid? Right. So
again, you've got to enter some of that
into the conversation because you have
to give yourself enough ammunition at
the end. Maybe start a little bit
higher, add something on there, right?
You know, like have a like a like have
two packages, right? [clears throat] One
is like the [ __ ] energy independence
package
>> and one is like the [ __ ] you know,
like my neighbors think I'm Greenpeace
package, whatever. You know what I mean?
And then like you know so you start
thinking about like how do I how do I
tie the what they're going to buy to
their tangible and and like emotional
outcomes and then from there like how
can I how can I give myself some
breathing room
>> you know to then like drop and and then
like but keep solidifying the point that
it achieves an outcome
>> otherwise you're just selling a widget
>> right
>> and with s like you you can do that like
I've done those role plays like we have
you know I've trained guys that become
really good at doing that and finding
that kind of like, you know, emotional
tiein. It's just that you have to start
really starting to engineer and get a
couple of key pieces of information
throughout it.
>> Does that make sense?
>> Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Um but like let me know how
you go like like like sort of you know
war games and different things and then
you know uh it's a it's a process that
you just get better at,
>> right?
>> Cool. All right, Ron.
>> Hey Matt. Hope you're doing good today.
Um just I noticed that when you were
getting into the objection of them kind
of being hesitant um you kind of just
went like okay so like why do you think
you haven't gone like proceeded ahead
and then like is it do you think the
product will work and then you kind of
went to like testimonials and then you
gave the analogies. Could this also be a
time where you could insert like okay
well like I know you told me before but
what like what do you think about is it
gonna work and just get them to kind of
go and kind of do that that whole resell
again.
>> Yeah, for sure. Like you know some of
what I said was uh buffering.
>> Okay.
>> Right. I was I was buffering. I was like
I was like all right that's tricky. How
do I put these together? You know what I
mean? So, like I'm just probing, you
know, and and it's like I'm just sort of
like I'll throw this out there. Why do
you think it would? You know what I
mean? Like I'm not listening to him. I'm
just trying to figure out in my own
head, but it's just sort of like uh
right is that, you know, and so I'm I'm
just uh trying to trying to find the
angle that I need in order to kind of
get there because like I know I'm close,
right? I've tied everything off. I know
I know what he's I know what's stopping
him. And so I'm just like, okay,
uh, you know, and when they're giving me
like non-definitive language,
you know, it, you know, lots of may and
stuff like that, it's like, yeah, I
guess it'll work. Like, why do you think
it would? You know, do you feel like
testimonials are fake? You know, maybe
it's AI, right? So, like I'm just being
kind of ridiculous because they're not
AI, you know? And so, like they're like,
no, no, no. I'm sure they're real. So,
like I know that that's going to be the
answer. That's kind of a throwaway, but
it gives me a little bit of like it's a
throwaway that I know will do nothing
but positive. Uh, and it's like given me
a little bit of brain space to kind of
figure it out,
>> you know?
>> I guess it also kind of gives them like
a indirect like maybe you're being
ridiculous like like you know by not
kind of jumping on it almost type thing,
right? Yeah, I guess it's just there's
never going to be a negative to getting
them to go back as to why they think it
will work because I would assume that'll
just anchor more emotions and when they
are thinking why it'll work, they're
probably putting themselves in the
person in the first person example of it
working. So then that would anchor in
the emotion, I assume.
>> I mean, I I wouldn't say I wouldn't
there's never because like people are
weird, you know what I mean? Uh but you
know, a good a good chunk of the time I
think you'd be fine with that.
>> Okay, awesome. Appreciate you. Thanks.
No worries. Spetta.
>> Yes. Um I think it will be annoying
question for you. U because I know that
you've been asked that question twice
and I still fully don't understand how
to approach it. So
>> that means I haven't explained it very
well.
>> Okay. Um so when you were all playing
right now you started from the moment
when you dropped the price and then you
asking okay my money aside would you
feel it would be the answer for you? Um,
do you ever ask commitment question
before dropping the price? Like exactly
the same question after you just
presented everything
and then you drop the price and ask the
same question knowing that they already
gave you an answer before dropping a
price. Does it make sense? Yeah. Like I
presented like I don't know program.
>> No, we're just using different
nomenclature. So a commitment question
to me is not that. Right. So, um that's
that's where I think the confusion of
terms a commitment question is like
before the pitch,
>> right? And you're like, you know, it's
sort of a commitment to make a change,
right? You know, do so do you, you know,
so you pre- pitch you've gone through
like some consequence question type
stuff like what happens if it doesn't?
And then from there, you're like, okay,
so
>> you know, is it time to make a change?
>> Yes. Like that's commitment, right? Um,
and then from like I would never ask
that after it because I'm just going to
go how do you want to proceed? Like what
do you want to do from here? Like like
like what are we doing?
>> Right.
>> Okay. So you just finish the
presentation and straight away drop the
price and then ask
how would you like to proceed from here?
>> Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I don't need any
more filler. I I uh what I want to do is
I want to keep it short and because uh
time,
>> you know what I mean? Like I I don't
want to have the longer the time between
the consequence, the pitch and the yes,
the less likely they are of doing it.
>> Yeah. The reason I was trying to ask
them before dropping a price, my
approach was I would ask, "Do you feel
it would be an answer for you?" before
they know the price and they would say,
"Yeah." And then like why do you think
that way? They I would I would like them
to have the context of the of the price
when I ask if it's be the answer.
>> Okay, got it. Yeah, you answer my
question.
>> Yeah, it's like what what seems easier
>> uh is harder.
>> Yeah, it's exactly then I would all the
time confront Oh, okay. They will
explain and then when they see the Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Time. All
right. Michael,
>> you're on mute, buddy.
It looks great though.
You're on mute. I guess you're still on
mute, but I don't know how to
>> Oh, there we go. I'm
>> There we go.
>> Yeah. I just had a quick question. So,
in terms of when you're handling
objections and you're going through like
the reframes, everything, are you pretty
much just going through that with a
whole like curious tone or are you ever
like challenging them with your tone or
I guess like what would you say your
demeanor is during the whole process?
Uh
it changes depending on how uh how much
time I have left, right? So, and that's
not like out of frustration or anything.
It's like um I'm going to stay very the
probably the first two to three loops
I'm going to be pretty leaned out and
then I'm probably going to start getting
a little more daddy on them.
>> Okay.
>> Right. So, I'm going to I'm going to
shift it up a gear when I start using
more definitive language. So, instead of
going like, "Hey, you know, this is like
what I'll be like, so what do you need
to do to actually kind of get this
going?" Right? Right? Like that'll be
stage one. Then it's like so you as the
actual business owner like you know the
person who's bearing the burden of the
responsibility, how much longer do you
actually want to put this off? Okay. So
you can see the tone shift and the
pausing of like the actually want to put
this off. Like it it denotes a far more
challenging tone. But I'm going to do
that towards the end because now I'm
starting to take swings. It's the bottom
of the ninth and we're down by four and
we're like [ __ ] swing away
[ __ ] right? Like we got to hit
some dingers, you know? Um and that's
the way you got to play it. You're like,
I got no time left and I'm either
getting this or I'm not,
>> you know. Um that's that's the fun part,
you know.
>> Hit them with the dig, right?
>> Exactly.
>> Thanks, man. I appreciate it.
>> No, no worries. Just make sure you don't
start there. Get I mean, you can. It's
fun. I'd recommend everyone do it at
least a couple times. If you get someone
who's like quite assertive on the call
and like really wants to really wants to
pitch early and you deflect and they
don't do it, just go, "All right, it's
10 grand. What do you want to do?" And
then just start fighting, you know? It's
uh it's a good it's a good like lesson,
you know, because if you can do that,
then the other ones are easy.
Yeah. You know, I've done it. It's fun.
I like it. Uh all right, cool. Nelson,
last question. Hey Matt. Um, I run a
mortgage broking biz and just help
people pay off their loan faster. So,
usually we don't charge any fees, so
there's normally no like money
objection. Um,
>> it might fall into like comparing
competitors or maybe like a value
objection. Is there
>> Well, you do charge a fee, right? It
just gets rolled onto the mortgage when
you refinance them.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, is that something
is like what do you what do you charge
like 5k and then from there you get the
book as well?
What's that?
>> Do you do you do you only get the
brokering fee or do you get a
>> Yeah. Yeah. I would say Yeah. Unless
it's a really complex deal, we don't
charge. So, it's it's just
um like the lender commission, but
>> Okay.
>> With with comparing competitors like a
value, is that something you prehandle
like in the discovery or is is like
>> I usually will stay away from talking
about competitors entirely. I I find it
a
it it very rarely comes off good,
right? Like it very rarely, you know.
Although in saying that in dialer, I
[ __ ] on them pretty hard, but it's a
different sale.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's it's a it's a bit of a different
thing, right? I [ __ ] on them pretty I I
[ __ ] al like crazy. Um uh but that's
because they suck. Um
>> and yeah, but like so it's it's I
shouldn't Yeah. So, I shouldn't say
don't ever do it, but rarely do it. And
there are instances to do it when it
makes sense. But when you're trying to
like like weaponize it, but I think like
for you are are um you know, you have to
like get the value proposition. If
you're only if you're only getting a
loan, what you need is what what you
need is friction. The problem is you
have a frictionless sales process that
ends in like complicated paperwork and
then a settlement, right? So, you get a
yes because there's no reason to say no.
So you need to make them pay something
>> or you need to make them sign
documentation that feels more weighty
than it is.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> On that call. So like I work with an
exact same business, right? Um but they
they charge money for it. Um but they're
very good at what they do and we put in
an authority to proceed
and it was a [ __ ] document that I
made up.
>> Yeah. You mentioned that last. I've
created one since since then. So then
from there, like because you need them
to give you a yes or a no,
>> it can't just be like, "Yeah, man.
[ __ ] sounds sick. Send over the
paperwork." Right? Like
>> it just goes into the ether. So you have
to create a friction point because the
hardest objection to overcome is the one
that you don't get.
>> So you have to incite the concern,
>> you know? So like my thing would be like
just charge them 97 bucks.
>> Yep.
>> Like if they're going to say no to that,
bro, they're not doing it. often they
say um I've just got another meeting
booked with like XYZ competitor sort of
thing.
>> Yeah.
>> And then do you just typically
reschedule for after that point?
>> No, they're buying on the call. Um
no, we're not doing that. Um uh uh that
there that's a very particular line of
uh questioning, but generally speaking,
I would say like okay, so like what do
you what do you like? It goes down the
line of I don't have no time to do the
whole thing, but I I can't I'll add that
objection into this course because like
um I have a call to the competitor. It's
it's one of the funner ones to get. Um
so, you know, it's like like how will
you know that you're basically it's um
how will you know like which is the
right one, you know, and then from there
you go through like a criterion which
they need and then like you've hit that
criteria so what's the [ __ ]
difference? Yeah.
>> Right. Like, you know what I mean? Like,
that's essentially like what it boils
down to. It's a bit more nuanced than
that. [laughter] Right. Um, but that's
like the idea of it speak. And so, it's
like, you know, um, let's just get after
it. And the each sale is a little bit
different to be honest, like how you do
that when you're an agency, how you do
that whatever. Like when I did it at
sales sniper, I would never let somebody
off a call ever. And I used to just like
ruthlessly objection handle them because
like and it was really easy like for
real estate agents, right? I I've done
some really great frames where it's
like, "Hey, we have uh you know, four
other brokers that we're speaking to,
you know, we've spoken to a few of
them." And I'd be like, "Okay, um sweet.
Well, you found your broker, so you're
you're fine. Like, we're here, you
know?" And they go this and I'll be
like, "Okay, well, when you have someone
negotiating for you going out there
finding deals,
you know what I mean? uh and being your
advocate to get you the best possible
deal and go after buyers. Do you want
that broker to be the one that sits back
and the buyers say, "Hey, like you know,
we'll send you an email like we're
interested." Or do you want them to like
go after the deal and get it locked up?
Which one? Which one represents you
better? Well, that one. Okay. And when
you told the other guys that like you
had more bookings with brokers booked,
they're going to send you an email and
contracts and they just kind of walked
out of here without a signed deal.
What did they say?
It's like, well, okay.
So,
which one represents you better?
>> Yeah.
>> This. It's like, okay, so here I am.
Like, that's what I do. Is that what you
want representing you? Yes. All right.
Cool. So, what are we doing from here?
And it works like every time. It's like
because it just so logical.
>> Yeah.
>> And I did the same thing with the sales
agency.
>> Like, oh, you know, we say a couple of
sales agencies. I was like, "Yeah." And
when I was like, I used to laugh at them
and I go, "And you gave them I have
other people and they let you get off
the call. That's who you want selling
for you? Pussies?"
And they were like, "You're right." I
was like, "I'm here. Daddy's home. We
make sale." They were like, "Yes,
daddy's home. We make sale." Right. Like
that works on everybody. Everybody.
because it's [ __ ] it's a good one,
>> right? Daddy's home. We make sale. So
again, like there there's you can come
up you can figure it out is what I'm
saying. Like you can just figure it out,
you know? You're like, h like I just had
to figure that out because I didn't I I
wanted to make the sale. I didn't want
to let them go, [laughter]
you know. But with software like it's
not going to go down like that, right?
Like I'm not daddy's homing people into
dialer. It's not happening, you know?
it's a different sale. So, you have to
do it a different way, you know. Um, and
that's why sales is fun. It's unique.
It's a problem, you know. But I think
that too many people sort of try and
solve it with word tracks when they
should be trying like think of the
strategy, you know, and then like how do
you how do you upstream it and sort of
make your life as easy as possible,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> And that's all like all my stuff is is
just like how do I make this easier for
myself,
>> you know? All right,
>> that makes sense. Thanks for that.
>> All right, guys. Awesome. Hope that was
helpful. Um, uh, next week, I think we
have Cole on next week
as a special guest who just got engaged,
by the way. So, we'll give him a
congratulations when we see him. Um, but
if you guys are enjoying the this, feel
free to spread the word,
get more people amongst it. There's
nearly 500 people in the membership at
the moment. Once it gets to a thousand,
I make it cheaper.
And then at 1,500 it gets cheaper again.
At 2,000 it gets cheaper again. And then
at 2500 it's going to get cheaper again
and again and again and again. And then
it's going to end up being like [ __ ]
$4 a month. It's going to be amazing.
That's the plan.
I want to have 80 sessions a month for
less than a hundred bucks.
It's the plan. So keep going. Spread the
word. Appreciate you people. Bye.
