AI is one of those things that sales
people try to use. They don't try to use
it. I see a whole lot of kind of
ridiculous and stupid, overly
complicated YouTube videos online about
like how to get rich with AI in 2026.
I'm not here to teach you any of that
crap. What I want to teach you is like
two prompts that you can use with AI and
ways that you can actually use it to
figure out how to get better at sales.
[music] Maybe it means that you can save
10, 15 grand on sales training. This is
what I've used for a long time to
actually use AI to get better. [music]
or find some tangible points from people
that I coach or myself or guys that work
for me and it's super easy, super simple
and I'm going to be going through the
exact prompts and giving you exactly
what to put in there and then how to
extrapolate the right amount of data,
etc., etc. Okay, let's get into it. So,
the two ways that I like to use AI is
one for storing core reviews and then
finding like lowhanging fruit to get
better at and then two is finding
patterns. So AI is just better at
finding patterns especially if you give
it well formatted information and you
can find things in sales teams or in an
individual that is really really
helpful. I'm going to give you exactly
what information you have to input uh
into it like how you should format it
and then I'm going to give you the exact
prompts that you can use in order to get
some really really tangible information.
So the first one I'm going to teach you
is how to get really good quality core
views. Now uh this is using chat GBT.
I'm assuming you can use whatever the
[ __ ] you want like Grock, whatever you
want. But chat DBT is pretty is good.
Obviously, I've got the paid version cuz
I'm not a broky.
>> A year salary right here. What I call
them, fun coupons.
>> And what we're going to do is we're
going to go through. Okay. So, uh I'm
going to put in the exact parameters of
how I want it to score. And then you're
going to put the transcript into it and
you're going to allow it to score. Then
what you do if you're a manager, you
just keep a particular sort of chat per
rep. Okay? And then you want to store
it. You want to see tangible increases
and you're going to try and work on
their lowest performing metric. Okay? So
I have a core v process that I've used
for years. But it says here, you are a
senior sales coach performing a
structured core using the sales sniper
full core view process. yada yada yada.
Here's the information. Okay. Length of
call is a really good one. Coal outcome.
length of call is because like sometimes
your reps or yourself uh your biggest
lowest hanging fruit to making more
money in sales is going is like
shortening your calls, right? You can
imagine if you go from a 90-minute call
to a 45minute call, you're doubling your
potential of income. Then what you would
do is go away and you would work on
specific things or analyze your calls as
to what areas are causing you to go long
and then you can start to chip away at
it in five to seven minute blocks. Okay,
the scoring system. Okay, I've developed
this scoring system. It works well. It's
pretty tried and tested. Okay, we go one
to five. Okay, one being bad, five being
great. The first is tone, cadence, and
timing. Okay, evaluate how effectively
the rep uses tone, pacing, silence,
timing, all that kind of stuff in order
to get meaningful answers and control
the call. Okay, we want to score them
and then we want to give some notes. All
right, this is good because like this is
a difficult thing to get right. So this
is going to be like if you like these
are final tweaks, okay? It's very
important but difficult to fix
especially if people are new. So it's
something but I want to see it getting
better and better. If I have a tangible
scoring system and I can just creep it
up, creep it up and I'll make sweet your
tone is getting better. Your tone is
getting better and we can take some
really good notes there. Now command of
the call. So assess how well you're
controlling the conversation, keeping
the prospects on track, avoiding
sidetracks, rabbit holes, stuff like
that. This is great because this will
like massively shorten the amount of
time. A lot of sales reps, they talk
about stuff that is essentially
irrelevant to the conversation. Like I
was coaching a guy the other day and he
sells like sleep coaching, right? Which
is kind of cool. Um, and one of the
things that he was talking about was
like the medication that the person's
taking for sleep. And I was like, I
understand like why that may sound
relevant. However, if it doesn't affect
the prescription at the end, if it's not
affecting what you're going to give them
at the end, it's just sort of
unrequired. Like, it doesn't actually
it doesn't change your pitch. If it if
it's not about the exact problem that
you solve, you can't change their
medications. You can't do any of that
stuff. So, like why talk about it? It's
just a rabbit hole and it might be
interesting and it's ultimately
unproductive. And if you can just remove
those rabbit holes, it makes the sales
call much more simple. And if you can
see that because again you're storing
this oil in the ass, you can start to
see the patterns of what people's goods
and bads are. Then we've got number
three which is intact in cold tactics
and probing. How well are you probing?
How well are you uh uh clarifying? Are
you diagnosing the problem? Are you
getting below the surface? Okay, again
really important. Uh it's going to be is
someone able to get to the real problem
or are they keeping things surface
level? If someone doesn't answer a call,
right, doesn't answer a question, are
they then able to then reask it again?
It's like, hey, what happens if you go
to your wife and she's like, no, I'm not
happy with you doing this. And the guy
answers, well, you know, I don't think
that will happen because it's like,
that's not the question you answered.
You have to go, okay, sorry, that wasn't
clear. But what happens if you do ask
her and she says no, right? Well, she
wouldn't do that. It's like, okay, let's
say she had a terrible day at work,
right? Shitty day. Becky was a [ __ ] We
know now Becky is at work, right? She
comes home miserable. hasn't eaten and
just no. It's like what happened? So,
you've got to have ways to get the
actual outcome, right? You got to get
the answer. And too many people are
accepting the answers to questions
they're not really asking. Okay. Number
four is scripting and word economy. Um,
again, I think word economy is like how
close they sticking to the script, how
well are they using the script, um, is
their word economy, are they concise or
are they just kind of like justifying
all their own questions? These are all
things. Okay. And then objection
handling, pretty obvious. You get a
score out of 20 or 25 because if there's
no objection handling, then there's no
objections. Okay? Uh and then you do a
call summary, okay? And then you get
like an immediate action plan. So, um
the prompt is like here's everything
right from top to bottom. And you can
just go and grab this. We'll have this
linked in the description. Put all of
this in. Enter all the data. Put in the
call transcript and bingo bango bongo.
You look like a much better sales
manager. All
>> [music]
>> right. So, you get a score uh out of 20
or 25 because if you had no objections,
then you don't get a score for the
objection handling. Uh then we're going
to get you're going to get like overall
call quality um what you did well and
you can start to uh find the precise
thing that was done well and wasn't done
well, which is incredibly useful, right?
Then you can start to create a tangible
action plan of like the one thing. One
of the best ways to get good at sales or
get good at anything in general is to
fix one thing and ignore the rest of
them. If I make three changes, I get
like a tangible increase in close rate.
Which one did it? I have no idea, right?
So, I I have to then uh guess which one
did it, but also I might have had two
that did a tangible increase and one
that did a decrease, but overall it was
a net increase, right? So, it's like I
want to be really precise. There's a
good book called The Hard Thing About
Hard Things and it goes through that
very particularly. But in general, if I
get good at something, you can have the
discipline to go, okay, well, these 10
things are being done wrong. This is the
one that I want to fix and have the
discipline to go, well, I know that
these other nine are being done
incorrectly. However, at least that
they're a constant variable, like I know
what it's going to produce, and then I
can make one really good increase as we
go. So, you can do that and you're going
to get really unique insights on rabbit
holes, etc., etc., And then you can you
can make your calls better and you can
see a a nice tangible increase, right?
The next thing is an end of call form. I
know people hate doing data and stuff
like that, but like [ __ ] you, you know,
like you suck at this. I'm I'm better at
this than you are, so just do it.
But after every single call, just make a
Google form. It's super easy. Um I'm
going to like here's the template,
right? So it's like name, date, time
group. Okay, it's an important one
because when you have date time group,
you can start to get things like show up
rate per hour, show up rate per day,
close rate per hour, per day. If I do
five calls in a row, what's my close
rate after the fifth one, right? Or like
if I do 10 in a row, what's my close
rate after the fifth one? Because a lot
of you are doing like 10 calls in a row
and you're not closing the last five and
it's just because your brain is melted
and you're being [ __ ] [ __ ]
right? [laughter]
Don't do that. Like, unless sales is
super easy for you, you can't do 10
goals in a row, right? Marketing origin
is always a good one because then you
can give feedback to the business. Also,
it allows you if you can control kind of
what marketing comes in, you'll be able
to go, well, there's three marketing
sources, two of them are fire, one's
[ __ ] Now, you have an actual like this
is definitive proof. And so, I can just
try and remove that sneakily or
something like that, right? Uh coal
length. A lot of people are sleeping on
coal length. If I have 90-minute calls
versus 45minute calls, like I can I
double my income potential with a
45minute call over having 90-minute
calls. And there are tons of ways that
you can shorten your calls out. And if
you're doing the core abuse regularly,
you'll be able to see that and you can
ask, are there any areas that take me
longer than others or that do
unproductive rabbit holes that don't
really affect the outcome in the future?
Okay. Then you're going to get
objections faced uh if they showed, if
they didn't show it, stuff like that.
So, you have all that and the prompt is
like, you're a sales analysis. Analyze
the oldest sales data.
I want show up rate per hour. Group them
by hours by day. Calculate the show
rate, identify best and worst, close
rate versus call order, fatigue
analysis, right? Close rate, total hours
worked, call length versus conversion. I
remember when I was running seventh
level, I did this big push to make all
the calls 45 minutes. Everyone was like,
"No, you can't do it." I did a super
in-depth analysis, right? And this is
like before chat GPT and stuff or it
would just come out and it was [ __ ] Um,
and it was like uh of the sales, it was
like 97% of the sales happened in coals
that were 45 minutes or less, like the
actual call time. And it was only 3% of
sales were in the calls that were 45
minutes or more, right? So, we had
60-minute calls booked out and I was
like, but let's just do 45minut calls
and then we will not close the 3%.
Right? that do but we get so many more
calls booked like because we had a
problem with like we we never had enough
time. So this means that we can every
rep can take two to three more calls per
day which shrinks the time okay from
marketing to sales call increases show
rate right naturally and then the close
rate only goes down by 3%.
like this is a no-brainer. And people
were so [ __ ] stupid. They were like,
"We can't do it." It's like
statistically it's proven that you
[ __ ] can. And everyone was like,
"No." Like the whole [ __ ] company had
a little [ __ ] hissy feed over. So I
was like, "Fuck you. STAY BROKE."
>> [laughter]
[screaming]
>> SO, UH, THEN YOU'VE GOT LIKE objections
and you can link the objections to the
like if you have a pattern specifically
or if there's one for like the actual
origin of the call, right? Um, then from
there you can get all these insights,
man. Like it's such a useful thing to
do. Um, and it's so simple these days I
see and all these people are trying to
make these complicated [ __ ] It's like
don't use AI to try and solve every
problem and do your follow-up for you
and stuff like that. It's like no, what
you can do is you can use it to take the
data that you are getting and just like
do the hard work for you with analyzing
it. And if you prompt it well and give
it good information, it will actually
spit out some really really quality
information back to you. And if you're a
sales manager, you can do this stuff. If
you're a salesperson, you can do this
stuff. All you need is like the
transcripts. Um, and then, you know,
that's pretty much it. You can make your
own end of day form and you sorry, your
own um like end of call form and you
just [ __ ] do it. like there's very
very low barrier of entry and you will
get a tremendous amount of insight uh
for very little effort and then it's
like just ask it if if you could fix one
thing in my sales what would it be or
you can download my AI you can put the
answers that it gives you and then you
can ask my AI to hey what's the one
thing that you would work on giving this
data and uh it'll tell you so link will
be in the description all right guys
hope that was helpful bye
