If you've ever been left at the end of a
sales call and you get an objection or a
concern, you just don't know what to do,
then this video is for you. This is part
one of an eight-part series where I went
in depth over 8 weeks with a bunch of
people on how to handle objections,
time, money, think about it, partner,
everything, pre-andling, you name it.
Objection, cycling, everything that you
could possibly think of. And it's
extremely in-depth with real life role
plays, examples, all different
industries. So enjoy part one of the
eight-part series, totally free course
on how to handle objections. So, what
we're going to be talking about today is
like objections overall, right? I'm
going to break down kind of where they
come from, what they are, but the
baseline hierarchy of importance of of
how you should be thinking about
objections um and then some of the basic
dos and don'ts. My my point of today is
to sort of cover as much as humanly
possible and then from there just um
give you guys an opportunity to walk
away from this session knowing kind of
how the overarching structure works and
then from there have some have some good
takeaways and also go over um uh from a
personality standpoint how you can
figure out um you know how like how you
can figure out uh what you should be
doing and and and how you should be
handling certain things because your
personality and your whether you're
really forthright or whether you're more
leaned out will play a large role in in
how you attack sales. Okay. So, um so
like the the easiest way to uh so
objections are just concerns, right? And
they are completely reasonable and
valid. Um and one of the largest
problems that I see within sales people
is that they will default to uh
objections that are sort of outside of
their control. So, a lot of them will go
to fear-based objections and and they'll
go to all these kind of like weird
things, right? Um, and in reality, uh,
it it's sort of just like coping
mechanisms for people who just couldn't
sort of overcome objections. You know
what I mean? Like, oh, like that person
had a bad mindset. Oh, that person had
bad fear. They're a bad lead. All right.
So, there the first thing you must
realize when it comes to getting good at
objections is there is nothing that you
can say or do that will make somebody do
something. you cannot make them buy. You
don't have that kind of power and
authority over them. And so like what
that does is you like that's what
detaching from the sale is. It's not
that like you don't need the
commissions, it's that you cannot make
them buy,
right? And as soon as you kind of
realize that, then you stop um getting
frustrated with people. Frustration is
the main reason why people can't
overcome objections
because they don't know how quite how to
articulate themselves. They think that
they can they think that they know
what's best for the person. Okay? And
then from there you think that like
through some sort of verbal wizardry you
can you can make someone do something.
That's just not the case. Okay? So we'll
break that down into a couple things.
First of all like you don't know what's
best for them. I like I guarantee you,
you just don't know. You might have an
inkling and you might have a passionate
thought, but you don't know. And you
have to release yourself of that.
Otherwise, handling objections
consistently is very difficult because
there's always an element of venom
behind what you say and there's an
intent behind what you say. Whereas if
all you're doing is curiously going
through and asking questions, okay, then
it's, you know, it's it's quite
difficult for you to sound
right. It's quite difficult for you to
sound frustrated. It's like, oh, okay,
well, like, help me understand that s
and such. And so you you don't end up in
this like combative environment. And you
can get away with asking a lot of quite
pointy questions, but because the intent
is not designed for you to go, I know
it's best. I need to get you over here.
Okay? Like that doesn't go over people.
You're looking at people's life through
a 45minute keyhole
and you have very little context over
what's going on. And so the thought that
you know what's best for them after such
a short period of time is a very
egotistical way of looking at the world.
Okay. Um, and so once you let that go,
you you start to sort of like loosen up
a little bit and and you and you start
to connect better with the prospect and
also you stop putting an expectation on
yourself that like you have to close
every deal because the outcome is is
very much out of your control. What
you're looking to do in sales and
objection handling is become consistent.
Okay, I've used this analogy a lot, but
if I'm shooting a gun, right, because I
used to be a sniper, right? If I'm
shooting a gun and a random gust of wind
comes and moves the bullet off course, I
didn't do anything wrong.
So, I have no adjustments to make.
So, I if I then make an adjustment off
that and the gust goes away because it
was random, I'm going to miss. Now, I've
done something to miss. And that's a lot
of the time the kind of feedback loops
that people get into. And so they don't
they don't know how they just need to do
a thing consistently. Your whole job is
to minimize variables. Okay? So the way
that I teach objections is to sort of
ignore a little bit of what the prospect
says, right? And follow a process. Now,
you're going to listen to them, but a
lot of the time you're listening to way
too much of what they're saying because
they're giving you 10 different things
at once, and you're trying to handle all
of them at once, and you can't really do
it that way effectively. And so what we
want to do is we want to like let that
ego go. Just understand that like there
you don't know what's best for them and
that you can't wizard them into doing
stuff right. What you can do is learn a
process that creates consistent and
predictable answers from your prospect
and then learn how to probe on the
answers that give you the best chance of
being able to get them to convince
themselves to do something.
Okay? And if you make 10 sales in a row,
you are the same sales rep as if you
then make 10 no sales in a row.
Congratulations, you closed the 50%.
Okay, if you're a 30% closer, which
would be good, okay, seven out of 10 say
no. So those nos shouldn't affect us and
you shouldn't be frustrated the people
who say no. Sometimes they just don't
have the money. And a lot of the time
when someone has like a fear-based
objection, it's just a lack of value
proposition. Okay. All right. Cool. So,
first things first, hierarchy of
objections. There are many different
types. Money logistical is always the
hierarchy. That is the most important
objection because it is the objection
90% of the time. Okay. So, like if they
want to go away and think about it, what
do they want to go away and think about?
Anyone want to type in the chat?
Right? They want to think about spending
the money. If they want to go and talk
to their partner, what do they want to
talk to their partner about?
Spending the money. Okay. Okay. So, if
it's a timing thing, it's going to be
around, do I have the money right now?
Okay. So, it always comes down to money.
That's that's the most common objection
and it's the one that I think uh people
uh spend the least amount of time on.
Okay. And so the first principle is that
we want to like just remove the
objection. Okay? So money aside, right?
Do you feel this would be the answer?
Okay. So money aside. Now when it comes
to objection, when it comes to sales in
general, people use a lot of extra
filler words. I want you guys to really
practice over this next eight weeks of
using as minimal words as possible.
Every single word is an opportunity for
you to [ __ ] up the intention of your
word.
Okay? So if I add in random words,
right, it it adds a layer of complexity
to that sentence of which the
interpretation of the meaning can be
muddled. If I say money aside, do you
feel like this would be the answer? It's
a very clear and easy question to
answer. If I say, okay, so what I'm
hearing you say is that money right now
might be an issue. So, if we were to, I
guess, remove that, right, and money was
not the issue, do you feel like what
we're doing would be the best for you?
It's like it's [ __ ] word salad. Okay.
And like it's it's just all it does is
like it leaves tons of variables open
for interpretation and people can take
the meaning that they want. Okay? If I
say, "Why is that important to you now
though?" And if I say, "Why is that
important to you now though?" And if I
go why is that important to you now
though?
Okay, first one neutral you pick the
meaning. Second one tangible that you
will you will say. Last one you will
answer in terms of time frame.
Okay, like you just will about 90% of
the time. Okay. And so the slight
inflection, pacing and pausing and
tonality shifts that we do within a
sentence will have a large uh impact on
how that person deres that the like the
actual answer. Okay.
All right. But we want to we want
softeners Matt maybe possibly likely
etc. Well maybe you know that's the
answer. Okay. So one of the if you guys
have never been involved in coaching
before uh I am not a big fan of
definitives. Okay. So, I'm going to
answer this question because it's a good
question. Softeners. Okay. Like
possibly. So, neutral words. Neutral
words are only good if you're a or are
neutral words are best if you're a
forthright person.
Okay. If you are someone who is leaned
out and very like passive as a person,
okay, maybe softspoken, you will sound
like you don't know what you're talking
about. Forth means, okay, I'll give you
an example. Uh, raise your hand or put
put a me in the chat and be honest.
Yeah. And because there's not a good or
a bad here, okay? There's no good or
bad. Put a me in the chat if you will uh
tell someone to get out of a line if
they cut.
Right.
Right. Me. And again, this is not a good
thing or a bad thing. Okay. If you
would, then you're probably more
forthright. are probably someone who is
more pushy in general. Okay, so neutral
language is likely to be good for you.
Put a Okay, so put a one in the chat if
you're someone who would never do that.
Now again, that's not a bad thing
because if everyone was like that, it'd
be horrible. Okay. So, if you're like
that, then chances are neutral language
will make you sound like a pitcher.
Okay. Which means that like when it
comes down to like pitching,
uh, you sort of might not sound like you
know what you're talking about and you
don't have the confidence and
conviction.
Okay.
And so, there's a there's a slider
there. You know, generally speaking,
more definitive terms towards the end is
probably better, right? like being much
more confident and forthright towards
the end. Okay. But if you're putting in
you don't need to put in like qualifiers
like that, you know, maybe possibly
might be when you're in objection
handling because like the veil the whole
point of those things is to like hey I'm
not a sales rep, right? It's like I'm
not a sales rep. Okay, you've pitched,
you've asked for money,
right? So like that's gone and now we're
in a very tactical sort of uh part of it
where we need to get them to convince
themselves and so we we have to go
through a very very precise series of
questions. Okay. So you remove the
objection money aside you feel this
could be the answer. Okay. Uh the reason
why we do that is because we we want
them to go back through we want to start
a process of reestablishing value.
Okay. All right. So the reestablishing
of the value is the one of the key
components to all objection handling
because you need that person to start
thinking in terms of like what are the
things that I need whether it's software
whether it's like coaching whether it's
you know what like you know widgets okay
what is it about what I've presented
that we're going to we're going to talk
about the benefits of that but you're
going to tell me which elements are most
important to you and you're going to
tell me why. Okay? because if we don't
do it that way, then we're going to end
up having a lot of quite odd
conversations. I will actually roll back
real quick though. Okay, now this is a
lot of this stuff is um if you guys sell
things that have financing or payment
plans. Okay. If you pitch and say and
there's payment plans available, there's
financing available, there's flexible
payment terms available, if you say that
when you pitch, it will be very
difficult for you to overcome objection.
It's very difficult because if I say to
you, if I go Mark Daniel D, okay, if I
go so like unmute yourself, right?
If I go like if you just pitch me and
go, hey man, like there's payment plans
available. How do you want to proceed?
>> Yeah, I have payment plans.
>> Um,
>> yeah. So, like Yeah. So, what you're
going to do is every time that person is
going to go, "What payment plans do you
have?"
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Or they're going to go, "Hey, like
what's the financing?" And then what
you're doing is having a logistical
inane conversation about something that
we have not established they actually
want.
Does that make sense everybody? So, when
you pitch, you pitch like your full
price.
Okay. You also need to pitch the full
price if you're selling something like
coaching or whatever or something that
has or like software that has like a
paid in full discount. Okay. So, it's
like, hey, there's like annual pricing,
whatever. Pitch the most expensive
version in the total number.
Okay? You know, uh so like if it's a
threeay and it's the three pay is 10
grand but the two pay but the one pay is
eight, don't pitch it at eight grand.
Okay? and then go, "Hey, you know how
you don't have money? Well, I'm going to
charge you more because you don't have
enough." Okay? There needs to be a paid
full incentive,
okay? Not a a payment plan, you know,
interest,
okay? If you guys got questions on that,
let me know. I can do like a separate
video on it. But you want to make sure
that you you do the the most important
one. Is it like a rice marinade type
thing? Uh price the top. Uh so the the
way that I would do it uh in order to
give yourself the best chance, okay, is
is if if whatever payment structures you
have, the most expensive version, okay?
Like so if it's three pay, five pay,
whatever, you say the most expensive
number, right? As a as as a as a
one-off, you just go, "Hey, it's
$10,000. How like you know, yada yada
yada yada." Like like how do you want to
proceed? Okay. Then from there, you
would go through because you want to
establish that value. Then from there
when you if they give you a price like a
money objection you can go okay money
aside you feel this is the answer why is
that yada yada yada and then you can
start to draw
okay but if you don't establish the
initial value first okay if your price
is 150k presented monthly delivers well
absolutely it does that's fine and if
that's how you want to sell it that's
then that then that's good to go okay so
it just depends on like there's
obviously nuances to everything but if
you're saying things like you want to
try and avoid
uh giving uh you want to try and present
things in a way where the most
predictable outcome is either planned
for or something that is easier to work
with. Because if you say, you know,
there's payment plans available, if you
present it as a monthly payment, hey,
it's $120,000 divided over 12 months.
How do you want to proceed? Because
that's how it's done, that's totally
fine. You know what I mean? But as long
as you have ways to to move things down,
it makes it a lot easier, right? Because
you can go, "Hey, is it the upfront
amount? If I broke that up, would that
help you out?" Oh, would also if you
don't if you if you don't present paid
in fulls, you're never going to get them
or you have to massively incentivize
them. So, you can play around with it a
bit, but you want to avoid inducing
objections early that uh mask the actual
concern, which is like, hey, you know,
like, so what are the finance terms
available? H. Okay, cool. All right.
Well, I'm going to go away and have a
look at that. Just do my calculations,
you know, and then it's like now you
spent five minutes dealing with
[ __ ] Okay. All right. So, um Okay.
So, we go like so money aside, this
could be the answer. Yes. Okay. Um why
is that? Now, one of the important
things there, okay, that you guys want
to note is that uh they are going to say
yes almost every time. If they say no,
you've done something drastically wrong
in the sale, right? So, like we're we're
we're way off base. Okay. So, they say
yes. Now, you might hear them start to
trail off. You guys know when someone
has a butt coming. Yeah. You know what I
mean? Interrupt them immediately. The
moment you hear the Yes. You you
interrupt them. Okay. Why is that? Now,
this is a practice thing and it sounds
easy, but it's actually not easy to do.
Okay? It's a very very important skill
set, especially in objection handling,
right? Oh, like why is that? Okay. And
so you you interrupt them, right? So the
sun is going to kill everyone. All
right. So, okay, because the way that
humans work is that they haven't
finished that thought yet.
Okay? Like they they truly haven't. I I
promise you, you think and speak in real
time. Okay? Unless you're like Jordan
Peterson. It seems the form is
completing sentences and then talk.
Okay? So, um you do that. So you you cut
it off because there there's a butt
coming but they haven't got to it yet.
Okay? So you cut that off. Now it's not
don't always do that. Sometimes if the
butt if you can tell the butt's going to
be positive okay then like like let them
ride with it. Okay. But generally
speaking in objection handling
especially at that time you go why is
that?
Right? Then what they have to do
mentally is they have to go back up and
they have to go well I guess this.
Right? Okay. And then you go, what is it
specifically though that you feel like
is kind of the like key to the castle
for you?
Okay. So then ask them a a question
where they have to dive into their
memory and think about what do I find
most valuable.
Okay. What is it about this thing? Okay.
And then from there because they're
reestablishing value. Then from there
you go okay like why that thing? So
again establish get deeper. When
somebody has an idea that's really good
for the outcome that you want, you want
to probe and ask questions about it
because it strengthens the idea.
Okay? That's just how human beings work.
If you've ever seen a debate, no one
changes their mind. Okay? So, if you
can't change someone's mind, right,
which is because it's very difficult to
do so. You have to get them to take
themselves through a process where they
are the ones convincing themselves and
they do that by having an idea and then
you strengthening it through pushing
back on them a little bit and through
probing them. Okay, make sense everyone?
Okay. So once you've gone through that
step, okay, then we go, okay, so what
are some ways that we can come up with
the funds to where you can get and then
you say the exact thing that they just
said they need in order to get the
outcome that they want, whether it's a
feature in the software, whether it's a
feature in the program, whether it's
accountability, whatever it may be.
Okay? You get them to go, okay, so what
are some ways that we can come up with
the funds to where you can you can
actually get that? Okay. Now, if you
hear that tone, it's nice and light.
Okay. What I'm not doing is going,
"Okay, so so how do you how do you get
that?" Okay. It's like it's too much.
Okay? You're you're not trying to like
induce a massive amount of emotion here.
What you're trying to do is get them to
happily continue the conversation and
just take you take them down the line.
Okay? You can get to emotional stuff
later, but at the moment, it's just not
required, right? This is a normal part
of your day. You're not surprised or
concerned by it because it is totally
and reasonable that they would have a
concern about spending money given the
fact that most sales cycles are fairly
short,
right? This is a legitimate and normal
and reasonable thing. Okay? It doesn't
mean it's like the way that it has to
be, but you know, you guys get what I'm
saying. Okay. Then from there, so once
we and then once we ask that question,
so what are some ways we come up with
the funds? We're now on the same side of
the table. Okay. The best thing that you
can do is be on the same side of the
table. Okay? It's two people trying to
solve a problem because we've gone
through had a call, established the
needs, the wants, all that kind of
stuff. Done our presentation said, "Hey,
this is how we solve your problems. This
is the investment required. This is the
funds required to solve your problems."
Okay, you have a concern. Okay, but if
the concern wasn't there, do you feel
like this would be the answer? Yes. Why
is that? Okay, perfect. What is it
specifically? This. Okay, why that? Oh,
that makes sense. Hey, what are some
ways that you think that we can come up
with the funds to where we can actually
get that? So, you can. And it's like,
oh, and then you start thinking and
talking. Hey, do you mind if I make a
suggestion? Yeah, sweet. Well, you know
what a lot of our clients do, yada yada
yada, is they do something like this.
Like, would that work? No. Okay, cool.
Okay, is it the upfront amount or if I
broke that up for you, like would that
make it easier? Oh, you can do that. So,
see how it's like easier to roll a bowl
down a hill, right? Then push it up. So,
if I start at the payment plan and I
like I'm never pushing it up to a piff,
right? But if I start at the PIFF and I
establish the value, okay, then I can
go, okay, well, if I broke it up, like
would that help you out? Now, the reason
why I like to start off with the most
expensive version is it sounds like it's
harder to go like, well, you know, it's
150k if you pay, you know, for 12
months. It's like, you know, it's like,
yes, it sounds like it's harder, but
that's the overall value anyway. So,
like, I'd rather have someone agree and
establish the value to the entirety of
the program, right? There's a there's a
sales call with Cardone where he hops
on. He says like, "Oh, I guess it's only
2500 a month." And he said, "No, you're
not making a $2,500 decision. You're
making a $30,000 decision. Big boy
decisions, big boy results." Right? And
I was like, "That's a really good way of
looking at it." because it's like I want
them to be bought in on the entirety of
it, not just like the fact that they can
break it up, right? That's like that's
where financing breaks reps. Like, you
know, like where you can break it up
over three years or two years or
whatever. Like that financing element,
it breaks them because people start to
sell based off not the value and like
the actual sales call, but they based
off like the fact that it's like
ridiculously affordable and like a
no-brainer. That's not selling. That's
being a checkout chick.
Okay. So, like because if if we can then
break it down and go, "Oh, okay. Like,
if I could break it up for you, like
would that help?" Now, the issue is if I
then have to go, "Well, if I break it up
for you, it's not 20% more expensive."
So, you the broker that doesn't have the
money, yeah, it's more expensive for
you, broky. Okay. So, like that doesn't
seem like the best framing for me. I
never liked that. So, I always just went
with the most expensive version, right?
Then from there allowed me to drop to a
payment plan. And that payment plan was
the same cost, right, that they already
knew about. So, I never got the
objection, well, I'm just going to wait
till I can pay in full,
right? Because that's a really annoying
objection. Because my process from there
is then to get them to uh do the payment
plan and then say, "Oh, I get the first
payment or the, you know, whatever it
is, then I'll offer them the paid in
full incentive after I get the first
payment.
Right. Oh, hey, did I mention that you
actually get a a bit of a discount for
paying in full? No. Ah, [ __ ] Sorry,
man. Yeah. So, you paid this much, but
if you want to pay the rest off, it's
only this much more. Do you want to do
that? And then I just sit there until
they do it or they don't. Either way,
it's fine.
>> Thank you.
>> All right. So, this is all scripted as
well, so you guys don't have to worry.
This is all like all scripted out for
you guys. Like, it's totally fine. Okay.
So, but what I wanted to do is kind of
go over and be able to kind of show the
process. Okay. And that's like and then
that's just like one objection. Then you
come up with it and you go okay cool. So
you establish it and you go okay so if
we broke it up for you like would that
help? Yes. Okay. Do you want to go
through that? I always ask that little
bit of extra. They go if I broke it up
for you would that help? Yes. And do you
want to go through that? Yes. Okay. Hey
totally normal. Normalize it. It's
totally normal. A lot of people that are
coming to us for XYZ. You know the
paying that in full is just like not an
option for most people. So it's totally
fine. Uh, so what we generally do for
people is this. And then I offer a two
pay
and then I will listen. If they're like
silent, I can go and we can do some
other ones if you want. You know what I
mean? I can do a three, whatever. Okay?
Like drop, but I don't want to go to
like a 27 pay straight away. Okay? I
want to kind of drop down nice and
controlled. If I get to the chance where
I've offered two or three options and
they're like, uh, I'm like, "Hey man, I
I can't hit a target that I can't see."
um like where are we at? Is this way out
of the realms of possibility or like we
need to you know just if you just help
me out then I can help you out because
at that point we can drop the veil and
we can have a normal conversation with
somebody. They need it. They want it.
They want to figure out a way to pay for
it. They understand the value, right?
And now it's like we just have to figure
this out. Nick, you got a question?
>> Yeah, real quick. Do you ask for their
cash on hand before too?
>> No, before. No. This is a real dangerous
game. Um, we I need to establish that
they that they are really bought in
>> like after that. I'm saying
>> yeah, for sure.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah. So, be like, "Okay, cool. So, can
you help me out like with what cash you
have on hand and what you think that you
can put towards this? I don't want you
not to be able to eat. That's
ridiculous. So, like, what do you
actually have?" And then like, you know,
what do you have coming up? and then
maybe we can figure this out, right? You
just want to have a really genuine,
open, and normal conversation and
normalize it and be as normal as
possible. It is a very unpleasant thing
for everybody to have to talk about not
having enough money to do something.
Okay? And so, you don't want to make
anyone feel bad about that. So, you want
to normalize it and just be really cool
and go, "Oh, dude, it's totally normal.
Like, don't worry about it." You know
what I mean? Uh, it's a important part
because a lot of the time like people
take these posturing frames,
right? and it's just such a load of
[ __ ] Um whereas like like you have
to sort of play the bowl that you're
given, you know, and so if someone needs
to be smacked down a little bit, you can
smack it down. If someone needs to be
built up a little, you need to build
them up. But if someone needs like
empathy and they need you to like be
understanding, you can't make someone
feel bad. If your goal is to like win
the argument, you're going you're not
going to make a lot of sales. you you
you like even if you know you're right,
it just doesn't matter,
right? It it it just has no bearing on
the conversation, right? That's a real
young man's thing, right? And I need to
be right. Look at this guy's mindset.
He's a [ __ ] idiot. Okay? It's like,
no, no, no. Like, everyone has, you
know, where there's a lot of decisions
that's gone behind everybody to be in
the place in where they're in and you
just don't know. Like if you have shitty
parents that like hate people with
money, you will like spend a very long
time uh destroying any opportunities to
make money, right? It's just kind of the
way that it is. It's like a, you know,
and so you know, just be empathetic with
people and just be real with people.
Okay. And then from there, okay, so um
yeah, Brody,
>> walk me through that one last part. So
after if we broke it up without help, do
you want to go through that? Yeah,
perfect. Normalize it that that next
part there. Um,
>> yeah.
>> Are you are you offering your preferred
pricing structure or are you framing it
as though okay in terms of breaking it
up for you? Is there a preferred way
that makes the most sense that you could
get the help you need? Are you g giving
them the honest or taking it?
>> No, I'm I'm going to take that because I
want to I want to drop it quite
precisely. I'm going to offer like a two
or three. I'm going to I'm going to drop
I'm also going to get a bit of a gauge
as to like how they react. So, if I
offer a two pay and they go I'm gonna
go, what about a four? You know what I
mean? So, like I'm gonna I'm gonna kind
of play the field a little bit there.
Um, but if if I go ahead and they go, oh
yeah, like like that could work. I'm
like, are you sure? So, I'll push back a
little bit. Are you sure? And they go,
yeah. You go, okay. Like, how do you
want to proceed? Right. You know, and
then I just reestablish it. Okay. So,
two payments of XYZ would work within
your current budget. Yes, it would. How
do you want to proceed? Now, Mark,
before I get to you, the difficulty is
during that exchange, they are going to
give you other objections.
partner. Think about it. Timing. You
ignore all of them.
That it is a difficult thing to do and I
know it's a little bit anothetical for
most people. You literally ignore them.
Okay. Like you keep going down your
pathway, right, Colleen? I wasn't
expecting that. Yes. you ignore what
they're the reason being is because the
from the thousands of core reviews I've
done on objection handling most people
will get sidetracked halfway through and
never resolve any of them. Right? So
just once like it's
um objection handling is far more
dictatorial than the rest of the call.
So like I would just straight up ignore
things that I don't want to talk about
in objection. just ignore it completely.
I will like it didn't exist, didn't
happen.
Right? So if they're like if I'm dealing
with money and they start going, "Oh,
yeah, you know, I'm like, okay, so money
inside of this be the answer. Yes, it
would. Why is that?" yada yada yada.
Okay, so what are some ways we can come
up with the funds? Go, yeah, I could
probably come up with it. I just need to
go away and check with the partner. I'd
be like, okay, so like, you know, I
would just go back through and I
completely ignore the fact that they
said partner. In my head, I've noted it
because I know that that's going to be
their next objection. Okay. But I'm just
going to keep ramming them down because
at the end of it, I want So this So this
payment plan, this payment structure
would work within your current budget.
Yes. Okay. I'm not asking them to do it.
I'm saying it would work.
Okay. And they might go like, well, I'd
have to check with the finances. Okay.
Well, based off what you know right now,
though, like ballpark figures.
Obviously, you can go and dot the eyes
and cross the tees later, but based off
what you know, you know, do you feel
like this would this could work?
They're like, "Yeah, you know, I should
just check things." Go, "Okay, well, do
you know how much money you make?"
"Yep." "Well, do you know how much money
you have?" "Yep."
"What do you think it'll work?" Right?
I'm just going to keep asking that
question in different ways until they
go, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, I suppose it'll
work." "Okay, what do you want to do
from here?" Right? Because now it's the
next objection.
Yeah. I just have to go away and speak
to my partner. Okay. When you go to your
partner, like
what you took?
Does that make sense? like I'm just
[ __ ] ramming them down because I have
to resolve that line and I if they even
if they give me other objections, I'm
going to do money first anyway, right?
Because money is like my backs stop.
Okay? So, if they go, "Uh, yeah, hey
Matt, you know, this sounds really good.
What I really need to do is just kind of
go away, speak to my accountant, my
partner, just kind of make sure that
like, you know, my chakras are aligned
and, you know, just make sure the
finances and all that kind of stuff
lined up. So, we're going to do from
here like get back in two weeks, send me
an email and stuff." I'll be like,
"Yeah, money aside, though. be this is
the answer. I ignore everything and just
go money aside, right? The reason being
is because it's money
wrapped in a bunch of [ __ ] right?
And so like I'm just going to handle
that thing and like uh I'm going to go
through and I'm not going to get
sidetracked at all. You know, go back
through and listen to a bunch of your
old co guys and hear yourself get 50%
down through a money objection and then
go over here and then get 30% through a
partner objection and then go over here
and then get 25% through a money through
like a like a timing objection. Then go
and do this [ __ ] like fearbased
smokec screen [ __ ] reframe thing for
30 minutes to then have them go, "Yeah,
yeah, yeah, but like I just need to
figure the money part out,
right?" and is like [ __ ] sake. So like
your back stop is money. Nothing else
matters until you've established the
financial parameters of the deal.
Nothing matters because without that
there is no deal. There's a deal at the
end of the day. Okay. Uh Brody, was that
was that does that make sense? Did I
answer that?
>> Yeah, it does. I was wondering just
after Mark's question, could you go
through line by line again one more time
just through that sequence just so I got
the back end? But go Mark first.
>> For sure. Uh Mark, first of all, thank
you for doing this training, man. It's
amazing. And I have a question on what
you just mentioned. Um sometimes when I
do payment plans, I frame it as if it's
like a special case where I ask them,
okay, like um what are the highlights
for you? They tell me the highlights. So
this is not if this will work for you.
It's how you can make it work
financially.
>> Yeah.
>> And so ask like how motivated are you to
follow the program to get the results.
So they say like a 10. So they say okay
in that case I feel I can trust you. We
could possibly do like a payment plan.
Will that would that work? What do you
think of this approach?
>> I mean I think if it works do it. I just
think that you just want to have a way
that is like replicatable. And I like I
always heir on the side of the truth
right. So, like for me, I've never done
like last, you know, action taker
discount type stuff because like, you
know, if they're going to come back to
me in two days, I'm still going to give
them the price. I'm just not going to do
it. I just like to have a a really um
like and I'm not saying that you're not
being honest. That's what I'm saying,
right? It's just like I I I'm just super
straightforward with how I do it. And I
don't I minimal fluff and talking the
better again because when when you've
asked for money it's you know you
there's a it's a very interesting
dynamic shift okay to where the veil's
been broken. And so you want to be very
precise with your language right now.
Again if it's working I'm I'm I'm all
for it. And if you can pull it off
consistently. I like I my objection
handling is so boringly monotonous. It
is the same every time. Like it doesn't
change for people. Nothing. I can do it
asleep. It's the same. Right. And and uh
Brody like I'll go over that whole
sequence again, right? I'll just answer
these two questions. But I I think if
you if you can structure it in a way
where it makes sense, but I I think I
would I would have a look at, you know,
um if it's going sideways in any of
those interactions. And then if you have
to make a spontaneous value judgment on
whether or not something will work on
somebody like it's a difficult one to do
consistently,
>> right?
>> You can use all the time, right?
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> All right. Uh Joe
>> question is so there's this new um like
financing thing on our offer where it's
called split it where like essentially
um they don't need to have a good credit
score and there's like no interest
involved. Um, so it's like the same
price if they split it over um 12
months. So I know when you were saying
earlier about, you know, going for like
a a two pay
first um before going into the others,
obviously if I do a two pay, I can't do
split for that. So I'm like half of me
commissions. Would you with the split
considered, would you recommend just
asking them like what they can commit on
a monthly basis and then going into
split? So this is this is an interesting
nuance, right, to where like
>> like there's a what's right for the
business, what's right in sales, and
what's right for your for your for your
for your bank account. If you if you
have a like I would still pitch the full
price, right? But like if they couldn't
afford a genuine PIF and I got more
money through putting it through
SplitIt, I'd probably put it through
Split It, right?
>> Okay. But I would do it as like a hey
this is the other way that you know this
is this is the way that we can do it
right like would this work for you and I
that would be my payment plan option
right so paid in full because like for
example like a wire pay in full is
better than a credit card paying full
>> because there's no transaction fees.
>> Yeah that and also there's no
chargebacks.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And then so like wire painful is
best then credit card painful then you
know whatever the you know best option
is from there financially and like you
should definitely do things that benefit
you financially right you know what I
mean so if you don't get trailing comms
you know what I mean like two pays and
three pays and stuff like that then
don't do that um so yeah I would I would
go pay it in full price establish that
value you know hey is it the upfront
amount if we could break it up would
that help you yeah sweet well we do have
this pretty cool thing you know it's
called split And what we do is we
actually break it up for you over 12
months. Like would that help you out?
Yes, it would. Okay, perfect. Right.
Make it make sense. All right, cool.
Sean,
>> so I got a quick question. So you
usually when example, let's say when I
give it when I pitch the service product
and then once they once it's done, I ask
how does that suit you? How do you feel
about this? Or you feel this this could
be answered for you quoteunquote? And
then they say yes and ask why. And they
give a reason why. And then later on
after they give the reasons then they
give the objection do you still go oh
but money aside but because money aside
would you would you would you want to do
this when they already stated what they
said previously. So, uh, the answer is
yes, but that's where like having
different ways of saying the same thing
work.
>> What are you doing?
>> Sorry, my son. Um, so yeah, you need to
have so like like if I'm going to go
through and someone like, you know, does
um, right, if someone's like, you know,
if I'm doing a money objection, hey,
money aside, right? And then I and
someone comes through with like the
partner, right? and they go and I go,
"Okay, well, like, you know, if the
partner wasn't, you know, if your
partner was on board, okay, so I'm
saying the same thing, but I'm just
removing the objection,
right? Make sense?" Okay. So, that's
where like you just have to practice to
saying things in different ways. It's
where some of that conversational
flexibility exercises that I talked
about that we're going to be doing
during this program. Okay? like it's
designed for that stuff because if you
don't get an answer, if you get a
non-answer, you need to keep asking the
question and that's a a very very
necessary skill set for sales reps to
have. It's actually a necessary skill
set for anyone to have because a lot of
time like you'll ask questions and
people just don't give you answers and
it's either because like if you ask a
vague question, you get a vague answer,
right? So, um, and and a lot of the time
the way that sales reps in particular
ask questions, they are very difficult
to answer because they say, "Okay, so
what I'm hearing you say is that and
then it's like all this [ __ ] nonsense
because you're like, I'm a sales rep and
you don't sound like a normal human."
And so the interpretation is very quite
difficult to figure out, right? Whereas
if it's really clear and concise, then
you can keep going, but you just have to
have different ways of doing that. Like
if I ask somebody, okay, so let's just
say you go to your partner and they say
no. What happens then?
Okay, it's a very clear question, but
they're still not going to want to
answer it. They're going to go, "Well, I
don't think that'll happen."
Okay, what if it does?
Well, you know, like she's really
supportive and she Okay. Okay, but let's
just say she's had a really bad day and
she's like, you know,
what happens then? And then it's another
blah blah blah. And then I'm like, okay,
let's just say she gets home from work.
You know, Becky at work. Yeah, Becky,
she's been a [ __ ] right? Becky's been
a mad [ __ ] at work all day. Your wife's
come home. She did a bad day because of
Becky and she's like, "No, you're not
doing this." What happens? Like, stamp
the foot. What happens then? Okay. So,
like, because I'm going to get that
answer or I'm not going to do it. Oh, so
she's like the decision maker for the
business.
Well, no. Okay. But if she says no, then
you're out.
All right. That could be trouble. All
right. So, like I'm I'm going to get
that answer. And that's where you just
have to be good at that. And it's a
practice thing, you know, where you just
keep asking and asking and asking and
asking and asking, but it's in a way
where like you're not frustrated and
it's like there's an escalation to it
that gets more definitive.
Okay.
Right. Um, all right. Let's go with uh
Ron then.
>> Thanks for doing this. Um, question is
for there. Um, I have a martial arts
school. So, uh, we do like a paid trial,
low barrier offer. They do a month, uh,
for 100 bucks basically, and then two
weeks in, we present all the other
offers. We do like a belt test for the
kid on the first date, etc., etc. So,
how I've always done it is I have four
options. Option A, B, C, D, option A is
30% discount. Option B is a 20%
discount. If they put 500 bucks down, C
is 300 bucks down, then they get a 10%
discount. And then option D is like
nobody takes it but it's it's got that.
So I'm just curious is that I do I am
coming into the objection like oh I got
to talk to my wife or mom's not here or
that sort of thing. Is there any benefit
to like how would you deal with that
type of scenario?
>> Are you are you are you presenting them
all like hey here's your options ABCD?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah. Right. Um,
>> the only thing is I've been trying to
like pre-frame like preload it because
now what we've been doing is I've been
I've been kind of giving them the
pricing like within the first week. Hey,
do you have the pricing? Just so you
know, we offer we do an incentive if you
sign up on the day. If you sign up with
the belt test and we give you a $200
discount off any prepayment.
>> If I came back the next day,
would you give me the discount?
>> Probably would.
>> Then it's not real, is it?
>> But well, no, no. I hey I'm you want the
honest answer or the one that I'm trying
to present
>> the the honest that's what I'm saying
the honest answer the honest answer like
yeah sure
>> exactly so like just don't like so the
answer is like you know if it's working
keep doing it okay can you optimize it
sure that's a lot of choice right you
know generally speaking if I come to
somebody uh you know don't give me
choices tell me what I'm supposed to do
okay now when it comes to payment like
do you get things like oh well you know
I'll just wait until I have the full
amount or so I can get
>> the the way I structured it is like the
option A is the paid in full which is
actually my real tuition weight that I
want. So I kind of instead of
discounting my weight I just made the
paid in full amount what I really want
and then made everything else that much
more expensive. So I'm fine whatever I
get like I'm kind of
>> Yeah, I know. But like like do you get
people going well I'll wait until I have
the full amount because like they get a
discount for paying it full.
>> I've had it happen once.
>> Okay. Well, then you know what I would
do first and for like it's again it's
hard to say if it's good or a bad way of
doing it. My sales intuition tells me
that's too much choice,
>> right? To give to give someone upfront.
Um my gut is is to you know uh only
present one price and one way of doing
it. You know you know what I mean? Just
because
you know when you're pe people are now
they have to make more than one choice.
Now they have to like initially go okay
I want to do it and that one you know I
mean and that price where it's like the
first thing is like do you want to do
this yes okay and now how do we pay for
it you know so I think like maybe
breaking it up but again if it's working
really well then like what the [ __ ] to
be honest like who cares
>> yeah like we we close from the trial to
that at about 50 to 60% depending on the
time of year and of those closes about
50% of them do the paid in full
>> then I wouldn't [ __ ] with it too much
But if there's one that no one takes,
just remove it because it's just
nonsense choice.
>> Okay. Appreciate that.
>> Just like
>> Yeah. Just streamline it even more.
Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Uh Sta,
>> yeah. Thanks a lot for the training. Can
you hear me?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay. Perfect. So, if we talk
about gym membership, there is no option
for paying full. There is only option
for annual contract. uh but you pay
monthly and monthly rolling that is more
expensive but also paying monthly. What
would you pitch?
Would you try to make it up like Cardon
was doing? Because I think he had the
similar case he would sell membership
for his course but he will create that
big number for the like pay for the
year.
>> Yeah. So they're like month-to-month
rolling memberships. Is that what you're
saying?
>> Yeah. So at the end of the day they're
paying every month but there are two
options. So you either have a annual
contract so you uh you subscribe for a
year but you pay per month or you don't
have that contract and you can like uh
cancel any time and you pay more but
again per month
>> um
annual contract
>> then pitch the annual contract as as and
then your drop cell is the month to
month right so your like so your your
drop is a month yeah if it's going to be
more expensive like but that's an easy
one to it's an easy one to verbally
maneuver.
>> Okay.
>> It's like right because there's a
guarantee. It's like okay so the way
that we generally do it is we do it's a
12-month contract for this much over the
course of the year. How do you want to
pursue here?
>> We talk about the entire
>> I I would
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay. Got it.
>> You know what I mean? And then that way
it might they might go oh is it up front
and go well it can be. Would you like to
do that? Do you know what I mean? They
might go oh and go like money aside
though. Do you feel this would be the
answer? Yes, it would. Why is that?
Okay, this. All right, cool. So, does it
make sense? Like, what is it? All right,
cool. Yada yada yada. Like, what is it
specifically? Well, it's this, this, and
this. Okay, so you know, is it the
upfront amount or if we if we if we did
break that up for you, like would that
help? They go, "Oh, you can do that."
Go, "Yeah, sweet. Yeah, you can pay
monthly if you'd like." Oh, that'd be
perfect. Now, you've got an annual
contract paying monthly, which is
fantastic. And then if if they then have
any more objections like a trusting or
whatever that you can go what we can do
is since you want to kind of remove some
of the I guess you know some of your
burden right that increases our risk
okay uh you know what I mean and so but
what we're happy to do for you is if you
just want to do monthly it's this much
on a monthly basis
>> right but then if you do want to switch
over to an annual contract then we can
go ahead and knock that back down so
which one will work better for you
>> again so you It's easy to talk your way
through that kind of thing, but you just
want to have a starting point. And the
starting point is super clear. And the
starting point is the best possible
outcome for you, which is a 12 month
contract paid in full.
>> That's the goat.
>> Okay?
>> And it's like 12-month contract paid
monthly,
>> right? And then it's like, no contract
paid monthly,
>> right? So now you have a a systematic
way of dropping,
>> okay? To where it's intentional. It
doesn't sound desperate. Okay. But like
it's very very intentional and uh you
know but now you have an opportunity to
potentially get a 12-month paid in full.
Whereas like if you don't ever present
that then you'll never get it, right?
Like it's it's very difficult to get
someone to buy in a lower amount and
then get them to do the paper.
>> You know what I mean?
>> You know what I mean? And again that's
just whether or not that works well for
your business, for your com structure,
whatever. Whatever works best. like you
kind of want to structure around that,
you know, whatever is like the most
financially beneficial for you as the
sales rep, right? Like that's how you
kind of want to, you know, structure
everything around. Again, like the
business advice is different than the
sales rep's advice, you know? So, you
have to kind of go between those two.
All right, Nick.
Yeah. So, uh, like a couple weeks ago, I
was here and I asked you or I told you
about how when I am at the end of the
call handling objections and if it goes
on for quite a while and I get them to
close, a lot of the times they wake up
and they say, "I want my money back like
the next day." And you mentioned that I
should get them to tell me that they
want to do it more, like more than once.
How do you how do you do that? What is
the way to do that?
uh uh be better at sales. No, no, no.
The the real answer is like so
throughout the process you can um you
want to sort of get someone to to tell
you through throughout the process
multiple times that they want it, they
need it, they need it now. Okay? And so
the way that you do that is just through
like little tiny probes. Okay? So it's
like, hey, I want to lose some weight.
Okay. How much weight? How much you want
to lose that for? Okay. Why now? Okay.
Like and do you want to like lose that
weight now or later? Now. Why now?
>> Okay, that makes sense.
>> Like it's that it's it's that casual.
>> So you weren't saying that for when I'm
after handling the objection and like
right before they're about to pay.
That's the way I took it when you told
me that.
>> The entire call.
>> Okay.
Yeah, I'm kind of doing that already.
Like
>> Yeah, but maybe maybe maybe not very
well. Um, yeah.
>> You know, so if you're getting a lot of
refunds, you're either pushy,
>> right?
>> Like that, like you just you're just
pushing people. So you have to have a
look at like, well, if there's 10 people
that I sell and three of them I [ __ ]
railed on them.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Chances are two out of those
three are gonna and I'm happy with that
math.
>> Right.
>> You're h really
>> like are you like Well, no. I was saying
that's the question you got to ask
yourself. Am I happy with that math?
Because if I make 10 sales and three of
them I know I was pretty rough with and
two of them refund so I get eight sales.
The math math most of the time,
right? But you have to learn to break it
up and go like, okay, like like and
probably just find the line because I'm
I'm tipping you get no follow-up sales,
right?
>> Uh no, that's not entirely true. I'd say
about
10 to 20% of them are follow-up.
>> Okay? Because generally speaking, like
if you're getting a lot of refunds
because you're pushing people quite
hard. If you push people quite hard,
it's because you usually struggle to
find the line,
>> right?
>> And then like which means you're going
to have less follow-up sales than
normal.
>> Yeah.
>> That's just generally speaking how it
goes, right? It doesn't have to be that
way, but you know, um, so you just got
to like, you know, first of all, like,
you know, try and I would say have a
listen to see if there's like some venom
or frustration in your tone. Frustration
is the one that makes a good combative
most of the time.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So, if you can avoid that just by
realizing you're probably not, you know,
as smart or cool as what you think you
are, you know what I mean? And then just
go like, "All right, cool. I'll give him
a break." Um, sweet. I do have to go in
a minute, guys. Uh, so, uh, Nick, real
quick.
>> Yeah. Awesome. Matt, this has been
amazing by the way. Thank you so much.
Um, I sell uh a level one and a level
two course for PTS. I educate PTS. Um,
so the level we sell it for like both
combined like level one 6K, level two 6K
and then I sell it combined like 10K or
paid in full is like 5K. But I want to
know like what should be the incentive
for a paying for? Like is there a
certain percentage of difference in
pricing that it should be that's enough
as of an incentive for people to pay in
full?
>> It's a it's a good question. It's
probably going to be very market
specific to be honest.
>> Okay.
>> Um it's it's kind of a hard one to
answer. Um,
I I would say you want to have like you
you want to have an incentive that is
enough to where I would 20% would be the
max.
>> Okay. You know what I mean? I think any
more than that, your payment plan is
probably just [ __ ] to be honest.
It's probably overly inflated. Um, yeah.
Sweet. Uh, yeah.
Do do this do this last little bit with
me. I think everybody's asking about
pricing and [ __ ] Book book a consult
with Matt if you want to go through your
pricing offer like go if we can go like
actually through the objection handling
bit I guess.
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> I'll I'll go through. So, um Okay, cool.
So, uh Brody, if you want to be the
prospect
>> just be like normal. So, hey Brody, so
you know it's $10,000. How do you want
to pursue from here?
>> Man, look, it's um it sounds great. I'll
um
>> Why is that?
Oh, well, look, it's um you know, it's
it's it's from where my business is to,
you know, where I want to get it to. It
um Yeah, it sounds like it could work. I
just need to run over the finances.
>> Yeah, sweet, man. Money aside, do you
feel this could be the answer for you?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I think it could. Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Is there anything in particular
that makes you feel that way?
>> I guess for me it's it's probably the
accountability. Just like having having
the coach there to kind of speak to
every day. Um haven't really had that
before.
>> And like why would that help?
Well, I guess it's just don't feel like
I'm really doing it alone then, you
know, just actually have um have the
support and um that guidance that uh so
yeah, I feel like I'm actually got
someone to help me.
>> Like, makes sense though, I guess. Like,
so what are some ways I guess we can
come up with the funding to where you
can actually get that accountability and
have someone, you know, kind of looking
over your shoulder and just making sure
that things are happening, right?
>> I don't know. I don't know how.
I'm not really sure.
>> Okay. But was it the upfront amount or
if we kind of broke that out for you
like would that help?
>> Yeah, it's it's you you you can break
it. It is the upfront amount. I just
don't
>> Okay. Well, do you do you want to do you
want to have that payment plan kind of
conversation?
>> Sure. Yeah.
>> Sure, man. Yeah, dude. It's totally
normal, right? So, you know, a lot of
guys that come to us for training,
right? They're kind of allocating
resources to areas of their life that
might not necessarily be, you know, like
driving them towards being healthy. And
so, we have to reallocate, you know what
I mean? And so what we can do for a lot
of guys is we usually break it up over
two payments, right? They're 30 days
apart or 5,000. Would that work more
within your current budget or like are
we kind of still way off?
>> It's probably still a little bit off.
>> Okay. Well, like obviously I can't hit a
target that I can't see, but if you
broke it up over three payments over
three months, like would that would that
help you?
>> You do like a weekly.
Uh, I mean that's difficult for us
because we do have to frontload an awful
lot of your education like with the
coaching and yeah and like do you know
what I mean? But like you know I guess
like just between me you no ego no
nothing like what do you actually have
on hand to be able to invest into your
health and fitness?
>> I know maybe a few a few hundred bucks a
week maybe.
>> Okay cool. This is where like the nuance
of the offer comes into play because I
don't I don't know, right? But I would
say like um let's just say I I had a
plan that that kind of worked, right?
Because this is just like logistics. So,
okay, cool. So, like you know um like
$500 a week, would that work more within
your current budget?
>> Yeah, I think I could make that work.
>> You sure
you could you could just keep doing what
you're doing, man? Like maybe you don't
need us. I don't know, man.
And then right now, like it's funny that
the exact role play is exactly where it
starts to go into fear. It's like, yeah,
I just I just don't know. Just uh
>> yeah, I think like I think I could make
that work.
>> Okay, so $500 a week in order for us to
look over everything, you know, get you
back on track and get you going to XYZ.
Like that works within your current
budget.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that worked.
>> All right. Well, how do you want to
proceed from here? And then it can go
into fear or whatever it can go into.
Right? But the key is that you just lock
up that. I don't know if I'm delaying,
guys. I'm sorry. Um I'm just going to
turn my camera real quick. It's just
[ __ ] around. Um
>> um yeah. So, and then and and then from
there, you just kind of, you know, you
would go through like your next series.
But that makes sense as a process. It's
quite quick. It's quite clean. It
doesn't need to be anything more
complicated than that. when it comes to
just a pure money objection, right? Like
there's
>> it's
>> I was just about to if I if I was to
throw a partner objection in there,
could you just quickly role play that
last bit? So if it's like you're talking
about money, you got this $500, you
know, work within your budget and then I
immediately before you've kind of
rounded out that vertical, I just throw
in,
>> yeah, would just I just I just guess I
need to speak to the wife. Like, so
yeah, but I I would just, you know, I'd
go, "Yeah, man. Like, that makes sense,
but does this still work, but does this
work work within the current budget?"
>> Like, I would just ignore it.
>> Yeah. Gotcha.
>> Like, that that like that that's it.
>> And then I'm just going to make you say
yes. And then I'm going to go, "Okay,
how do you want to proceed from here?"
Knowing that you're going to give me a
wife objection. I'm going to go, "Okay."
And if your wife was on the call, do you
feel like, you know, she would that this
is a good move for you?
>> You know,
>> you go, "Why though?"
>> Ask him about why.
>> Why though? And then I and then I'm
going to break them down to like a
decision tree of like uh would you or
wouldn't you? So if you ask her and she
says no, what happens? That's the key
decision point because if you probe on
that a few times and the real answer is
he cannot move forward without her then
you have to speak to her,
>> right?
>> And I'm sure you'll cover that on on
partner but that are you asking again
why though? So you go why it's probing
probing probing all the time.
>> Yeah. Cool.
>> Okay. All right. Cool. Uh Jeremiah, last
question, then I got to bounce. Guys,
hope that was helpful, buddy.
>> Man, thank you.
>> Hey, man. Thanks for doing this.
>> Did you post any PDFs or anything like
that as far as following frameworks?
Because if so, I I haven't been able to
find them.
>> The Yeah, the objection handling matrix
is in the posts, right? But I will
repost it which has got the full
framework available. Um, actually let me
just see if I
>> is it in notion or
>> uh it's also in the notion. Yes. But I
will let me put it in the chat real
quick.
>> Thank you.
>> Let me see if I can put it in the chat.
That's a function that is available.
>> Oh no, it's not. Um, I will pop it in
YouTube right after this. Uh, and then I
will put it I will put it in the
description of this video because this
will be uploaded into the objection
handling course um in the uh in the
playlist. Okay,
>> thanks a lot.
>> All right, guys. Awesome. We'll uh speak
to you guys uh in a couple days. Bye.
>> Thanks, man. Bye.
>> Thank you.
Cheers everyone. Thank you.
Thank you.
>> Hey, what's up guys? This is uh session
two of the objection handling course.
All right, and we're actually YouTube
should actually work today, which is
good. So,
all right, we'll give everyone a couple
minutes to to get in here. But how's
everyone going? Everyone gone away?
Anyone implemented any of the stuff that
we went over in session one? had any
wins? Feel free to raise your hand.
>> No. All right, I'll just go [ __ ] myself
then. Sounds good. All right.
Um All righty. Uh Luis.
>> Yeah, bro. Plus the deal yesterday, the
biggest takeaway was just like staying
in that pocket and going deeper with her
cuz she had a lot of financial concerns,
but at the end of the day was fear. So
yeah, man, it works. Appreciate it.
Awesome.
I've uh Have you had problems going
deeper with ladies before? Has that been
a common issue of yours?
>> You know what? It is a common issue,
man. But luckily, I'm married now.
>> Yeah. I've never heard that before. It's
weird. Anyway, I can I can I can
sympathize, but not empathize. Does that
make sense?
[Laughter]
I'm thinking about having an extra
session in here once a month on
conspiracy theories.
No judging, just like let's go deep,
guys. Terara 7, what do we think, right?
You know what I mean? This what I feel
like these are the discussions that we
need to have in this kind of
environment. All right.
Anyway, I love that [ __ ] I'm all in,
>> right? Uh Ben, you got a question?
>> Are you just Are you just going to share
what you think about it?
>> No, no, no. I think conspiracies are
That's a great idea, but I just had a
clarifying question because I was
pitching price wrong. So I would do like
the discounted thing. We were talking
and I I just wanted to make sure from
last week I got it right. So we do like
it's like 24k for six months. So it's
144k. But if you pay up front it's 120k.
So when I pitch should I just say the
investment to do xyz is 144k and then
kind of like down from there or do I say
it's 120k?
>> Uh like so you know the the the answer
is there there is no right. Okay. So, I
want you to always just play around with
stuff, you know what I mean? And and see
what what comes out and feels
comfortable, you know? Like there there
are some situations where I will pitch
the price at the very beginning of my
pitch and some where I'll pitch it right
at the very end, right? And it's a kind
of a depending on the offer and and what
I'm split testing. So, just just pick
one of the options and then from there
like see how you go handling objections.
I prefer most of the time to present the
most expensive version of it because it
makes it easier for me to roll downhill
like when I'm doing my objection
handling. You know what I mean? But
there will be some offers and instances
and stuff like that. And what I don't
want us to do is get into like really
individual kind of minutia because at
the end of the day, you won't know until
you test and adjust it. And what you got
to do is test something, do it a very
specific way for enough people, which is
probably 40 plus, right? you know what I
mean? 30 to 40 plus people because
you've got lay downs, you've got people
who will never buy, you know, you've got
weird reactors, stuff like that. So, you
want enough of a sample sizing to be
able to actually, you know, kind of say,
"Okay, I'm getting a pretty consistent
result here." And I want to like change
it,
>> right? I know you you said last time
though if we if we present like the
discounted pay in full first and then
say oh you can break it up but it's
actually going to be 144k instead if you
did 120k up front that that's like bad
because it's making them pay more for
not having money right and so do you
just say like yeah it's 24k a month for
6 months or if you pay it up front it's
only 20k a month or it's only 120k does
does it make sense what I'm asking
>> yeah yeah it does and you
I think as well just test each one and
see what is easier to overcome.
>> Does that make sense?
>> Okay.
>> Right. So that's that's kind of the key.
Test each one.
>> All right. We'll go one more question
then we're going to get into what we're
going to be going over today's partner
is partner objections. Sean, you have a
question.
>> Uh got a question regarding what you
said actually. Uh you said something
quite interesting regarding split
testing. So regarding calls uh I mean
I'm I am jotting down what objections
are coming up etc and how long the calls
going for but how would you go about
organizing and split testing sort of
sales calls it's not like a marketing
automation where you know exactly what's
going where? How do you go about that
specifically to split test and see
what's working not working?
>> The way it's it's it's the exact same
way. So, like when you split test a
marketing funnel, you don't change seven
things in the funnel,
right? I mean, you could, but you would
be [ __ ] at marketing, right? Like, you
know, like that would be like a bad
marketer, right? So, um like you you
change one thing, you do it for a number
of instances. The key is consistency.
Most of the volatility in people's sales
process comes from a uh comes from a
lack of consistency in the delivery of
their questions, tonality, pacing,
timing. And so what they're doing is
they're getting a slightly different
answer every single time because they're
they're asking it in a slightly
different way. So they're inducing
variables each time, which is why people
stay in the beginner stage for a very
very long time.
>> Right? Oh, it's so hard to like problem
solving new things on the fly every time
is takes a super brain power, right?
It's like none of us have that, you
know, and so you have to learn how to
become consistent. So, you start at the
top of your script because the top of
your script is the is the uh most
frequently interacted with. Bottom of
your script is the least frequently
interacted with. So, you start at the
top of your script and then what you do
is you like make it super consistent.
Hey, this is just Matt reaching out to
you about XYZ, right? You're not going,
"Hey, this is just Matt reaching you
about XYZ." You know, like you're not
doing it a different way every time. Um,
and then what you do is you just go
through bit by bit, step by step, the
whole thing. And that way, once you've
done that process, then you can start
split testing. You can't split test when
you're doing [ __ ] differently every time
and the entire thing is a total mess.
Now, you will never be able to do the
exact same script every single time.
However, your key questions, right, and
those key points, right, will be able to
be delivered very consistently and
intentionally,
right? And that's when once you have
that, then you can start changing. All
right, Svet, I know you had a question,
so let's go with that and then we're
going to go to partner dri. Yeah, thanks
a lot. Uh very quick question. Uh
yesterday you well two days ago you
mentioned that money objection is the
top of the hierarchy and also you were
talking about ignoring what they are
saying and just following the process.
So if they for example give an objection
think about or partner or any other
objection uh would you still follow the
same process and assume money but it
it's like
or you go with a different approach
does make sense the question.
>> Yeah yeah yeah for sure. So oh the um we
don't want to major in the minors. Okay
you know smart people that right dude
named Jesus right? So what we want to do
is we want to um is we uh we want to
make sure we focus on the concepts,
right? So the concept is you want to
finish one objection at a time. Handling
multiple objections at a time is quite
difficult. So what you're doing is
you're you're kind of ignoring the
things that take you and divert you off
the path. You may have to address and
redivert.
>> Ignoring is ideal. It may not. You may
have to like if they're pushing it
really hard, you have to go okay and we
can, you know, talk about your partner.
But like if we set the money aside,
right? So you might have to be a bit
more forceful and intentional about
taking them down this line because until
this line is done,
>> right? It's very difficult to get a
final outcome on the other ones,
>> right?
>> So no matter what they're saying, I
still go like let's remove money and and
we can talk about partner in a second,
but let's follow that step-by-step
process. We fix that. I don't know. we
we uh restate the value that they gave
and then if we need we go back to the
partner that they brought up. Right.
>> Exactly. And I I want to preface that
with like the no matter what statement,
right, is like doesn't sort of exist
because we're talking about
communicating with humans, but as a
general rule,
>> right?
>> Yeah. I mean, if someone's like,
>> but I you know, they're like if they're
throwing haymakers at you to answer the
question, maybe just answer the
question, right? because the leveling
resistance that would build up, right?
Um okay. Okay, guys. Good stuff. All
right, so a recap
>> uh what I'll do is I'll just uh I'll pin
myself.
>> Um
>> so a uh right um a recap of the other
day. Okay. Um and again, the objection
handling matrix is inside the thing. Uh
I will I'll also post it up later on
today. Okay. Um but it's a recap of the
money, okay? Because the principles are
relatively similar. So money aside, so
objection aside, do you feel this will
be the answer? All right. The important
thing being that we're removing the
objection, but then from there, okay,
staying calm, leaned out, and we're
going, um, do you feel like this would
be the answer? Okay, now that wording is
very concise. It's very specific. We
don't want to go, so from what I've told
you today, do you feel like what we're
doing would get you the result? Right?
It's not that. Okay? It's designed to be
somewhat vague.
Right? Because I'm just looking for a
Yeah, I guess
that's it. That's all I want. And they
go, "Why do you think that?" Because I'm
going to take their 50% in and turn it
into a 55 and then a 60 and then a 70
and then an 80 and then a 90 through
probing and clarifying techniques,
right? But I want them to get there. And
I don't care if they say, "Yeah, I mean,
I guess it could." Oh, why do you think
it could, though?
Okay. All right. So, um, and then from
there we're going to go then we're going
to get them to say something. Hey, you
know, I think it's the XYZ. Okay. What
is it about the the XYZ that you feel
like would would sort of be the the key
to the castle for you? And you can say
that bit however you want. You can say,
"How do you think that that would most
benefit you?" Key to the castle. What
you're looking for is more detail. Okay?
If a woman tells me that she finds me
attractive, I'm going to say, "Why is
that?"
Right? Your eyes. Oh, is it the color?
Ah, that's nice. Right? You know what I
mean? And then she's going to have a
little cheeky grin. We're going to have
a laugh, right? I make a laugh. I make
her breakfast, right? I'm married. I
don't do that stuff anymore. Well, I
still do, right? You know what I mean?
Just my wife, right? She's very easy to
make laugh. She likes my humor. So, um,
you know, like I'm asking for clarifying
detail. And what that is, it's designed
to make them dig in and uh uh dig in on
their idea because it's their idea. If
they give detail to me, they are moving
that little ball forward little bit by
bit, okay? Because I'm like talking
about it. You know, I like this t-shirt.
Wear that t-shirt. Oh, it's really
comfy. You know what I mean? Oh, it's so
comfy bed. Oh, the fabric's real nice.
And now all of a sudden, it's their
favorite t-shirt, right? It's super easy
to do and it works on everybody. Okay.
Uh then from there we we will establish
more if we're getting a lot of detail
out of them and we can like stop there
and then keep moving on to the next or
we can sort of stay in that realm a
little bit and ask them more questions.
Right? If if we if we're hearing stuff
that's like ah yeah it's the
accountability. Oh what about the
accountability? I've just never had
anyone. Okay. You feel like that would
help. Yeah. Why is that? Okay. So again
it's detail
right? Then from there the next part we
go. Okay. So, what are some ways that we
can come up with the funds to where you
can get X, right? Which is the thing
they just said they need. Okay? Like
that's why that's why what we're trying
to do is we're trying to win. We're it's
like death by a thousand paper cuts. All
right? It's a small attrition wins. Boom
boom boom boom boom. And it's the
fastest way even though it's the even
though it's the scenic route, right? The
problem is a lot of you guys are taking
the open net, right? They're presenting
an open net and then one of those
[ __ ] robot things pops up in the
middle and blocks your shot, right? It's
because like you you you see, oh man, I
really I really need this. You go, "Oh,
sweet." Like that. You get all excited
and then you push the ball forward, but
you you don't sit back and go, "Oh,
watch that. Oh, okay. What is it
specifically though?" Ah, that makes
sense. And and and and why do you feel
that would help you? Uh okay. And have
you had that before? No. Why not? You
know, but these little questions, right?
It's just like you're curious. Okay. Uh
then from there, this is when we start
going into like a logistical,
right? Because we've established they
need it, they want it, and they go, "Oh,
I'm not really sure." You know what I
mean? Or they have ideas, right? But and
this is where like a little bit of the
veil is dropped, right? And and you're
going to start going through a
logistical series of of different
things, okay? where the outcome is that
we get to a okay so this would work
within your current budget
right and that's a really nice important
question okay so XYZ would work within
your current budget yes
how do you want to proceed from here
okay then today what we're going over is
partner okay now partner is a very
interesting objection okay there's a big
difference between B2B and B TOC okay so
we're going focus on I'm going to talk
about the differences and we're going to
focus on B2B oh sorry on uh on B TOC
today right I will be going into like
into the B2B partner objection however a
lot of the B2B objections are just
clarification on the certainty of what
you're hearing and then follow the [ __ ]
up like you know what I mean I'm talking
true B2B where there are multiple
decision makers and departments not like
selling a business owner that's doing 10
million bucks a year right if If you're
talking to the decision maker, right?
I'm talking if you're talking to someone
who like generally has like for example,
I've been trying to sell dialer to a
business called New Reach. They have
pace Morby's offers and all these about
100 80 seats, right? And I've the one of
the owners is in hardcore good to go,
right? And they're all kind of in,
right? And I've been chipping away. It's
been two and a half, three months now,
right? And I think I'm about four weeks
away. Okay? But, you know, it's a
multiseigure contract and it's worth it.
and you just chip away, right? Uh, you
know, and there's all different
strategies, stuff like that. When I sold
Andy Elliott's team, it was like I got
on a phone call with the manager, then I
got on a phone call with the owners, and
then I got another phone call with the
manager, and it was done,
right? It was super quick. You know what
I mean? By the way, best sitting team
I've ever seen. So, shout out to Andy's
team. Seriously, best I've never seen
anything like it. Never seen anything
like it.
Never seen that. Yeah, it's crazy. Those
dudes [ __ ] get after it.
Anyway, so um Okay. Um Okay, so partner
objection. So the theory of it, okay, is
there is an inflection point uh that is
a very important one which is the will
you do it without your partner or not?
Okay, if your partner says no, will you
do it? It is the most important question
and it is the most difficult one to get
answered. Okay. And they will squirrel
their way around like crazy to not
answer it.
All right. Hey, you know, if you Okay.
So, what happens if you go to your
partner and they say no, what happens
then? Well, you know, I don't think she
would. What if she does? Well, you know,
like we have a really good relationship
like that and she's really supportive,
you know, so I'm pretty sure like she
does. Well, like what if she does? What
if she says no? Well, then I have to
convince her, right? Again, none of
these are answers.
Okay? So like we we need the answer and
this is where like having that
conversational flexibility which we will
have later on in this course. We are
having specific role plays on
conversational flexibility for this
exact reason. Okay. I've trained many
many many reps on this stuff and like I
know the things that like trip people
up. Okay. So
how do we get there? The first principle
is the same. Okay. If your partner
wasn't here or hey, if your partner was
on the call today and they'd gone
through everything, do you feel like
they would be on board?
Okay, which is this again the same as
removing the objection? Okay, so if your
partner was here today and they were
kind of on the call, do you feel like
they'd be on board? They're going to say
yes, right? Again, because you know
they're going to say yes. If they had
they don't say yes, then this is a sales
problem, not an objection problem
because you're kind of Oh, right. You
can say why do you think they won't be?
But really what they're going to tell
you is why they're not in. Okay? Because
most of the time a partner objection is
not it like smokeokescreen is sort of a
a decent term for it. But what it really
is, it's a it's because they consider it
to be real, but it's an abdication of
responsibility. And I use that word very
particularly. Abdication is like, you
know, when someone abdicates the throne.
So they're stepping down from their duty
and responsibility.
Okay? So when you abdicate
responsibility, if I'm the business
owner, right? Um and like like my like
my wife for example doesn't work, okay?
She hasn't worked uh for I mean she we
have two kids, right? So she's full-time
mom. Um but she hasn't worked for 10
years, right? She doesn't make any
decision business, okay?
uh she has no no input whatsoever in my
business nor does she have a lot of
input into our finances when it comes to
major decisions because I make all the
money it's her money as well but I have
more context so I make the final
decisions when it comes to that stuff
she has way more context when it comes
to the kids schools and stuff like that
so she makes all the decisions around
that right like I would inform her not
ask for permission in the same way where
she would inform me of something not ask
for my permission
You know what I mean? And in in turn
does that make sense, guys? Like it's a
it's a it's a there's a responsibility.
Okay. So, um like like um so what we
have to do is someone is a is the
business owner. Like the underlying
thesis that I think is that you cannot
put the responsibility of making a
decision on someone if they do not have
all of the context available or and they
don't have an ability to affect the
outcome very much. Right? That seems
like an unfair burden to put on
somebody, right? So, if I ask my wife
and I go, "Hey, I have this fantastic
business opportunity. It's going to cost
me 300 grand. Uh, do you think I should
do it?" She's going to go, "I don't
[ __ ] know, mate. What do you think?"
Right? Like, and if I put it on her,
then what I'm doing is I don't want to
bear the consequences of the failure.
That's all it is,
right? I want to say, "Oh man, that
thing blew up. I could have done that,
but
she wouldn't let me, so now it's her
fault." And then, you know, if I do it
and I and I it doesn't work out, then I
can say, "Well, you know, you were you
were the one that said I should do it,
right? Basically, you're a [ __ ]
right?" Um, and like we don't want that,
right? We want people to take
responsibility for what they're doing.
So, that's my underlying feeling and how
I approach it. Okay? And um like I'm a
big believer in that, you know what I
mean? Which helps me very much overcome
partner objections because like if you
can't spend five bucks at asking your
husband or asking your wife or your
partner or whatever, then like it's this
is going to be a difficult one for you
because you can't really overcome an
objection with conviction that you do
yourself,
right? If like if you haven't spent
money on a course or if you nod about
buying this course, right? and you sell
a $10,000 package. Like, [ __ ] man. You
know, I don't know how much cheaper or
easier I could have made it for you. Be
like, I have people message me, hey,
what about this? I go, I don't care.
That's what I message back. I don't
care, mate. Do what you want. Like, I
don't give a [ __ ] I don't need or want
your money. Like, don't. It's cheap for
a reason. Don't ask me questions. Like,
this is the whole point. I don't want to
have to talk to people, right? Um, okay.
We'll do questions at the end, guys. So,
because I want to get through it all.
So, um the the partner objection. Okay.
So, the first thing is remove it. Hey,
if your partner was on this call today,
do you feel like, you know, she'd be on
board or he'd be on board? Uh the answer
is yes. Okay. Do you mind telling me
why? Okay. Now, the next one, um I like
it's, hey, what do you feel like your
partner would potentially be most
apprehensive about?
Okay. Now, this is their opportunity to
tell you what they're apprehensive about
without having to be vulnerable.
Okay? So, if you're a woman selling to a
man, it's a great one because a lot of
guys will not tell you that they don't
have the money.
Okay? Because we are weak and feeble
creatures and we fear the judgment of
the woman. Right? And we put a lot of
value on ourselves in terms of the
amount of money that we can provide.
Right? So to say to a a woman as a man
like I don't have the money like that is
a level right it's a sting you know what
I mean it just is all the guys are like
yep yep that sucks I don't want to do
that right so you have to create a safe
environment for them to do that right
okay so um um so we go hey so you know I
guess like what do you feel like your
partner would be most apprehensive about
this is where they're going to tell you
okay and they're going to go well you
know I've tried a lot of these things in
the past and you're like, "Oh, okay."
Like, so like that's the objection,
okay? Now, we can't just we have to
still go through partner, okay? Because
we have to tie it off, okay? But now we
know that is a very good indicator that
this is not a full real partner
objection. Okay? So, like we're going to
attack this in different ways. You know
what I mean? Does that make sense, guys?
It's a really nice chill way of going
like, "Hey, man, tell me the what's
going on. Give me the tea. What's
happening here?" Right? The math isn't
math thing, right? And they're going to
go, "Ah, you know, yada yada yada."
Okay. Then from there, we we want to go
into, okay, so
um what happens? So, sorry. We want to
go, okay, but do you feel like this is
what you need in order to kind of move
the ball forward for for you and your
business? Y like like whatever it is
you're selling. They go, yes. Okay. Ask
for more clarification and detail. Why
is that? Okay. So what happens if you go
to your partner and they say no? Now we
start with just that wording. Okay. What
the one thing that you'll notice is that
you need an escalation of wording. Okay?
Because if you start at the end, you
have nowhere to go, right? It's the same
as where I like pitching high so I can
roll low. Okay? Like I need to go. Okay.
So, you know, um you know, so uh sorry
for having a little stroke here. Um so
we we ask the questions and then we go,
okay, so um do you feel like this could
be the answer? Yes. Okay. Do you mind
telling me why? All right, cool. Um and
what happens if you go to your partner
and she says no? Real simple. Then
they're not going to answer that
question. So your job now is to have
five to four four to five different ways
of saying that with an escalating
thing to get the answer. Okay. The way
that you escalate is going to be through
specificity
and like um the like going to the
logical conclusions and making things a
little bit more outrageous.
Okay. So because because they're going
to answer with like, oh, you know, yada
yada yada. Some [ __ ] answer that
doesn't have an answer. Okay. Then from
there, you're going to go, okay, but
like what happens though? You come home,
wife's had a bad day, you ask her, she
says no. Another no answer.
Okay, but you know, a lot of people then
move on, but they don't have the answer,
you know. And the last one is, okay, but
you know that girl at work, Becky,
that's a real [ __ ] that your wife
hates. Well, she's been like extra
[ __ ] today. And then your wife gets
home, she's in an absolutely abhorrent
mood, right? And she goes, "No, I hate
you." And no, what do you do then?
Like you don't give them an escape. Yep.
Becky's the worst. Right. Right. And so
you don't give them an escape and then
you go, "What? Like what actually
happens?" And if they say, "Well, then I
I I guess I I would have to find a
different way to move to to do XYZ." And
you go, "Oh, okay." Okay. So, she's like
a kind of key decision maker in the
business or like you like like what like
what kind of role does she have in the
business? Oh, no, she doesn't. Okay.
Well, let me ask you a question. And
this is where I this is a rare time
where I'll go straight into a frame,
right? It's more of like an analogy
because like I need to give a little bit
of context and I'll say, "Have you ever
heard the expression heavy is the head
that wears the crown?" And they go,
"Yes, no, whatever." And I go, "Okay." A
lot of people think it's because like
jewels are heavy. What it is is that
it's it's the burden of the
responsibility of the decision-making.
And so, do you feel like it's fair to
ask your partner to be the ultimate
arbiter
of this decision when she cannot affect
the outcome, nor does she have all the
context required to make the decision?
Is that fair to her?
And I have very rarely said someone
said, "Yes, that's fair." Right? are
going to go, "Well, not really." "Well,
why do you think that is?"
And I go, "Okay, so do you feel like
this is the best move for you and your
family?" "Yes, it is." So, what happens
if you go to your wife? And she says,
"No."
Okay, we go back to the original
question, the simple wording, and then
they have to then answer it, and they
go, "Well, then I would do it anyway."
Right? And then I go, "Why would you do
that?" Or they go, "Well, then I meant I
just couldn't do it."
Then we have to get the partner on the
phone
because you know that is legit.
Okay? You can't move it forward without
it. You you have to you have to do it.
Like if you've gone through all of that
and they're like, "There's no [ __ ]
way." Right? I used to sell a women's
fitness offer for like like sort of
menopausal women and they had a lot of
shitty partners that like they were I
could tell they were [ __ ] terrified
of spending money without telling their
husband. Like genuinely scared. I'm not
going to have that chick get punched
because of me. I say that right now.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to
like get the partner on the phone.
Right? If she's not comfortable with
that, then I'm going to try and coach
her how to do it. Okay? Like you're
you're trying to do things. You can't do
everything. It's not going to fall
online every single time. But if I can't
get him on the phone because she's
really quite uncomfortable with that,
then I'm going to coach her and I'm
going to like I'm gonna it's be us
versus him, right? Like, hey, I'm on
your [ __ ] team. Like, let's go,
right? And I'm going to get the
follow-up sale or I won't. But I did
everything I could do, right? If I can
get the partner on the phone, okay, I'm
going to take them through a little bit
of recap and then just go through an
objection handle, right? Like it's, you
know what I mean? Chances are they've
done a fair bit of work on them already.
And so, you know, it's there's a decent
chance that like that you get them. And
you can you can do some twisting of
people there, but generally speaking,
it's not like that difficult. Um, but
the most common one is that they go,
well, you know, I guess I would just do
it anyway. Then from there, you want to
dig in as to why, and you go, okay, so
if you feel like this is the best move
for your family and you're going to move
forward regardless, and we know that it
works in the budget, how do you want to
proceed from here?
Then you just shut up and see what
happens. They might go, "Yeah, mate.
It's all my external sensations. Go in,
think about it."
And then you just think about it. Okay.
So, that's the recap. Okay. Um, so that
like that's the overview. All right. So,
yeah, you're going to try and help them
get through this logically. Exactly.
Right. So, first thing, remove the
objection. Okay. So, you know, if your
if your partner was here, okay, I don't
like to say partner aside because like
that doesn't make any sense, right?
Like, oh, if you didn't have a partner,
you know, it's weird, right? You know,
um, but so we're like, so like, you
know, if your partner was on the call
and they had all the context and, you
know, do you feel like this would be, do
you feel like that they would be on
board? Yeah. Yeah, I would. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm like, why do you feel that way?
Okay, cool. Get some detail. You know,
um, you know, like I guess what do you
think your partner might be most
apprehensive about? Right. give them an
opportunity, right? Which is going to be
like maybe your next objection, right?
It's like a trust thing for themsel, you
know what I mean? And then from there,
we go down escalate more detail and then
it's like just keep coming back to that
same question. What happens if she says
no? Happens he says no. Heavy is the
head that wears the crown. I find it's a
really good simple easy analogy that
makes a lot of sense, okay, to people.
And then from there it's like, okay, so
if you feel like it's the best thing for
you, it works within the budget and
you're going to move forward anyway, how
do you want to proceed from here?
Okay, does that make sense everyone?
Cool. All right, cool. What we'll do is
we can do like a run through, right?
Where I'll be the rep, somebody can be
the prospect, right? Um,
let me see if I know many people in
here. If I can get because role playing
is a particular skill set in itself. Um,
a lot of people in here.
Adam, are you in here? Adam Courtney,
>> I am.
>> Hey, mate. How are you?
>> Indeed. One second.
>> I'll just pop on my camera there.
>> Yeah, don't scare everyone.
>> Put some clothes on.
>> Yeah, I know, right? fully nude here,
guys.
>> That's in Ireland. Yeah.
>> Next level.
>> 11.
>> All right. So, what we'll do, um, Adam
is I'll get you to be the prospect.
We're just going to go quite simple.
Okay. And then you can throw some curry
in there if you want to.
>> We're going to go through, um,
>> uh, like a pretty cruisy money then
partner, right? So, you can try and
deflect me halfway through, whatever. I
don't care. Whatever you want to do, but
we want to get some money. We want to
get to a resolution. Don't be like, I
have no money whatsoever. It's like,
well, it's going to end pretty early.
Yeah. You know what I mean? Um, does
that make sense?
>> What are you showing us, buddy?
>> I'm just trying to
>> hope that's a thumb, right?
>> [ __ ] laugh.
>> Okay. Can you see me?
>> Right. I thought you were I thought you
were getting real real real just
asserting your dominance over the entire
group. Right.
>> Right.
>> All right. All right. Let's I'll I'll
I'll pin you as well. Um
Yeah. All right. Cool. This is Adam,
everyone. Adam's a G. He's a very good
sales rep. All right.
Uh, cool. All right, Adam. So, uh, you
know, it's, uh, you know, um, so it's,
you know, $10,000. How do you want to
proceed from here?
>> 10,000 is that? So 10 up front or like
what's the
>> Yeah, you can pay up front if you want.
Yeah, I think I like in terms of the
payment, it's probably something that I
just need to think about for maybe even
24 hours. If you can maybe send me you
can send me like an email with the
information, I can take a look at it and
just go over that.
>> Yeah, for sure, man. Like money aside
though, do you feel like this would be
the answer for you?
>> Yeah, I think so.
>> Why is that?
>> I think so.
I think like the coaching calls and just
the accountability,
>> okay,
>> is essentially like looking for what was
looking into this, but it's just that
>> what is it about like what is it about
the um like the accountability that you
feel like would be I guess like
beneficial to you?
>> Just having someone there to like watch
my calls.
>> Okay.
>> And like give me feed, you know, just
>> Okay. Feedback
>> like fact I haven't in the past. I think
that's going to be like a crucial step
for me getting better.
>> Okay. Like when So you said feedback
like what like what do you mean
specifically
>> kind of like just tips? So someone
watching my calls to go like my
objection handling and figuring out like
what am I doing wrong and like what can
I improve? So just having that
accountability and just someone to jump
on with and
>> yeah like that feedback is going to be
crucial.
>> Okay. All right. Well that makes sense.
Is there anything else that you feel
like is kind of the key to the cost of
you actually being able to kind of get
the result that you want?
>> I think just learning from someone who
is doing this stuff all the time.
>> All right.
>> Is
the best thing you can do, right? And I
haven't ever done that before.
>> Why not?
>> So
>> why not? like why I haven't done that
before.
>> Um
I am not used to like a lot of on
trainings. I think like in Ireland
nobody does that. All my friends like
invest in mentors or coaches and things
like that. So it's not the it's not the
norm at all. So
>> Oh, it's called the top 1% for a reason,
right?
>> You know what I mean? The 99% don't do
it. Um, but I guess like you know I
guess what are some what are some ways
that we can come up with the funding to
where you can get that accountability,
that coaching and actually you know just
like start getting that help you need so
that you can get to where you want to
go.
>> I think I think it's not like getting
the the funding. It's more kind of like
just figuring out about like moving some
money around and
it's probably more just like drawing the
line in the sand and
>> Okay. Well, is it is it is it the
upfront amount or if we broke it up like
or does the upfront amount is that fine
or if like if we broke it up like would
that would that make it easier for you?
>> No, the upfront amount is fine. It's
more of a kind of I think it's more
my fear of actually doing that because I
haven't done it before, you know.
>> Okay. Well, I mean, you never done
anything before until you've done it,
right? So, like the onetime payment of
10,000 that works within your current
budget?
>> Should do. Yeah.
>> Should do or it does.
>> It does. Yeah, it does.
>> Okay. All right. So, you know, if it
works in your current budget and and it
gives you the accountability, everything
you need, like how do you want to
proceed from here? So, guys, like I know
that I haven't handled the objections.
Like, I don't care because I have to
handle money and now you can just give
me more, right? So, now like go into
partner or some [ __ ]
>> right?
>> Because now I've got the money. It's
fine. Like, I I don't need to handle
everything. I just have to handle one at
a time. Does that make sense? Yeah. All
right. Yeah. So like so if it works yada
yada yada like how do you want to
proceed from here?
Yeah, if you can send me like an email
with the information, I'll sit down with
my partner and we can kind of just take
a look at, you know, everything together
because I think like especially with
this being like such a big decision like
it's a pretty big life decision for me,
but also like for her and we we tend to
make decisions together when it's
>> For sure, man. Like if you're was on the
call and and she had all the context and
understood everything like is she is she
a salesperson? No. Yes.
>> No.
>> No. Okay.
>> Works in a grocery.
>> Oh, okay. Okay. Cool. I don't know if
there's any like working and grocery
mentorship programs, but you know, maybe
she has some context. So, you know, um
you know, I guess like if she was on the
call and she out of the context, like do
like do you feel like she'd be on board?
>> I think she would. I think she Why is
that?
because I I see how hard that I'm
working and I I'm doing this like like
I'm I'm doing like pretty decently, but
>> Okay.
>> It would probably a lot of time and a
lot of stress to just have someone
that's already there, you know, guiding
me through and helping me as well.
>> Okay.
>> I guess what do you feel like she might
be most apprehensive about?
>> I don't know if it's like apprehension.
It's just more of a thing where I'm
like, I'm spend grand. You cool with
that?
>> Okay. Is 10 grand a lot of money?
>> I I think I think it's a lot of money.
Like in the grand scheme of things, it
isn't, you know,
>> if if I'm going to be like, as we spoke
about making making more money, making
more commissions.
>> Well, I mean, you can't you can all you
can do is do what you can do to get the
skills, right? But, you know, it's
really a question of how much longer you
want it to be. a lot of money. You know
what I mean? But like I suppose like you
know like what happens if you you know
get the email it's all worded
beautifully. You sit down with her and
you're like hey this is what I want to
do. It's what I think is best for my for
my career and it's the education that I
need. You know it's $10,000 and she's
like no I don't think so. Like what
happens then?
>> I' I'd definitely do it anyway. Like I
would I think um
>> you're gonna go sleep on the couch.
You're gonna you're gonna be
>> I think she sleep on the couch.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> I think I think anyway because it's it's
my decision to me, but it's just more
out of like a respect thing or like,
hey, I'd spend 10 grand, you
>> Yeah, for sure. Like, listen, I don't I
don't want anyone to be like, you know,
going against a covenant, right? You
know what I mean? Um, and I certainly
don't want you sleeping on the couch. Uh
but ultimately all we can do is make
decisions that we think put ourselves in
the best position possible. Right. So
like do do you feel like what I put
together puts you in the best position
to be able to actually achieve your
outcome?
>> Definitely.
>> Okay.
>> All right. Cool. Um and you're going to
move forward whether we're whether your
partner says yes or no.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Without a
doubt.
>> Okay. Cool. All right. Well, you know,
there's there's kind of two ways that
this can usually go down, right? There's
one way where you go to your partner and
say, "Hey, sweetie, there's this thing I
kind of sort of maybe want to do, you
know? Um, and then you sort of you I
don't know if you're looking for
permission or if you're looking for an
FYI, you know what I mean? You can go
that way or you can say, "Hey, sweetie,
this is the thing that I'm doing. This
is the best thing for me, my career, and
for our family moving forward. This is
what I've committed to do." and but
obviously I respect our partnership
and so I want to inform you of what I'm
doing, right? Which one do you think
kind of puts you in a better state to
actually get the outcome?
>> I think the last approach would would
get the best reaction.
>> Okay. So, generally speaking, so
generally speaking for that like you
know that's someone who's made a
commitment, right? And so what we would
usually do is go ahead and take the
payment, okay? And actually commit to
doing the program and then from there,
like listen, if you go to your partner,
she's a total [ __ ] meltdown, right?
Like I don't want you sleeping on the
couch, right? You know what I mean? And
then we can work something out. But if
she does that, then like listen, mate,
like I don't want people to be in the
program who don't want to be in the
program, right? So we can go ahead and
organize a refund. But if you feel like
that's the best way to get this outcome,
like how do you want to proceed from
here?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I mean that that definitely
makes me feel a bit uh more secure, you
know, if she does throw me out of the
house, which I'm sure she won't. Uh
gives me something to fall back on. So,
can I do that PayPal? Do you guys do
like Skype or PayPal or what?
>> No, it's a diner card only.
Unfortunately, we only do diners.
>> Um sweet. So, thanks, man. So, he took
that a slightly different way, right?
You know what I mean? But the sort of
concepts are relatively the same. Right?
>> So the the the way that that went was
like he he was uh early. He's like, "No,
I'm going to do it anyway." Right? Which
which you get a decent chunk of the
time, right? But you got to probe your
way there and actually get the answer.
And then from there, it's like, "Okay,
cool." So he gave a money objection, but
he had the money, right? Gave a partner
objection, but he was going to overcome
it. So I just need to do that in a nice
little order. And then from there, I
give him an option at the end. It's
like, "Hey, there's two ways that this
can go when you're going to go to your
partner." because I still assumed he was
going to go to his partner and just
say,"Well, if you don't need to talk to
her, how do you want to proceed from
here?" I wanted to add just like an
extra layer of certainty to that. So,
it's like you can do it this way. Hey, I
kind of sort of maybe want to do this
thing that I think might be good for my
business. So, I'm s
just a folly of so it sounds like it's
super weak, right? You know, it's like h
right or you can say, "Hey, there's
something that I'm doing that is best
for me and my family, you know, that's
that that's sort of best for us. It's
the best decision that I can make." You
know what I mean? and like this I'm just
informing you.
Okay. And then from there it's like okay
so which one works better? Okay. Well,
you have to do this,
you know what I mean? And so like it's
taking it down that like that route. But
it's a it's relatively similar. It's
just sort of like a slightly different
way of doing it. You know what I mean?
Um based on the answers that he gave me.
But I would do that like that's the way
that I do that. You know, it's the same
every time if someone gives me those
answers, right? Um does that make sense?
Okay. So, as you can see, like, you
know, we cut some of it out because like
he he like he I could, right? So, I
don't need to do the whole thing if I
don't have to, but I still got high
levels of certainty along the entire
way. I'm just going to de um depin you,
Adam. Appreciate it, buddy. Um, okay.
So, everyone kind of clear on that? It's
a relatively straightforward process.
The key is like I wasn't weird. Okay.
Um, I didn't mince words. I didn't go.
Okay. So, what I'm hearing you say is
that like, you know, if you were to go
to your partner and you like it just
this like recapping and justification of
your own existence,
right? It like that does not breed
certainty,
you know? And so, for me as a sales rep,
when I'm taking someone through
objection handling, I need to have a
high level of certainty.
Okay? Um, and but I need to be curious.
Okay. So, I'm curious about what they're
saying, which curious doesn't have a
there's no um intention behind
curiosity. Skepticism has an intention.
Okay, that makes sense. Like questioning
and questions are very different. Okay?
Like I can ask you a question that makes
it seem like I don't believe you or I
can ask you a question that just makes
me want to have the answer. Okay? Right?
So you have to you have to sort of
understand how those two things come
across and then you know you just take
him through a nice natural if you
noticed I interrupted like I stopped him
a fair bit but I stopped him by asking
him about what he was saying okay which
is interjecting and it's not rude but
it's how you it's how you keep the
conversations on on on point right as
soon I said hey do you feel this with
the answer he said yes and by the time
the s was coming out I said Why is that?
Because I don't care about what is said
after that,
right? It's it's like, why is that? And
they're going to go, "Oh, well, this,"
right? Like, so I'm I'm I'm just
directing them where I want them to go.
Right? Like, he said, "Yes, that's a
positive. I want detail." Why is that?
Okay. Now, now he's going to have to go
and go, "Oh, okay." Right. Um, no. It
doesn't feel like you're cutting them
off because you're you don't it's only
cutting them off. Okay, this is where
the big difference is. It's cutting them
off if you redirect to talk about
something you want to talk about,
right? Um, like that's the biggest
difference. So if you go anyway,
okay, but all I'm doing is asking them
about the thing they just said, which is
never going to be or very rarely will
that be very very rarely will that be
considered cutting someone off,
right? Interrupting people is rude.
Interjecting is is not rude, right? And
there's a huge difference between the
two. I can count on one hand the amount
of times that someone's gone, "Hey,
you're like talking over the top of me
in a sales call
because I'm like, "Oh, hey, sorry, you
said this." Like, "What did you mean?"
That is so like that's just good
conversation,
right? And it's like, "Yeah, I think it
would. Why is that?"
Okay. Again, I'm asking about what you
just said. if I go anyway. So, and which
is what I hear in sales calls a lot
where they're going along a path and you
have no idea how to redirect them. So,
you go anyway and then you cut back.
It's like, oh, you didn't want to hear I
had to say I get it.
Okay. This is very important. Okay. Um
Okay.
What's going
All right, let's go through some
questions. I hope that was uh clear as
mud. We'll go with Clifford Chung.
>> Hey, what's up? Um,
usually I I use the NPQ kind of like
process like post pitch we always always
ask like do you feel like this is going
to be the answer for you? Then we ask
like why is that? Um, so I feel like if
I already had the answer there, when it
comes to objection handling post
uh, money drop,
I feel like sometimes when I say like,
okay, but money aside, just for a
second, like, do you feel like this
could be answered for you? I feel like
I'm kind of doubling the same questions.
And sometimes clients are like, well,
you kind of asked me that question.
>> Say it a different way.
different way.
>> Yeah.
>> What is it about? You know what I mean?
Hey, money aside though, like is there
anything specific that you've seen that
you're like, "Ah, like that's the thing
I need."
>> Okay.
>> Just say it a different way.
>> Different way. Okay, cool. Makes sense.
>> Yeah. It's flexibility like you
>> just you got to keep looping around ask
you can be asked the same question a h
100 times, right? You just got to get
the answer like and and it's the people
that can't do that that don't get the
answers they need,
>> right? So, you got to have ways of doing
that. It's like it's a skill set. You
can't script it. It's a skill, right?
Like you have to like like you have to
work on it and you have to work on
developing a way of like going I need to
like be able to ask this question 15
different ways off the top of my head,
right? Because it just doesn't matter
how you are like it's getting to the
answer that matters,
>> right? And you need to reestablish that.
Otherwise, you're going to be going
through and going like, "Money aside, do
you want to do it,
>> daddy?"
>> Yes, my love.
>> What? Not right now. No, I'm talking to
100 people.
>> I mean, I like you guys way more, but
can you ask mommy to do it?
>> She's asleep.
>> Well, you know, sometimes you got to
wake up to blow balloons up.
>> Okay.
>> It's the way it is.
>> Um,
he does. All right. Cool. Uh, yeah. just
mate. It's just like a it's a practice
thing.
>> Okay. But I feel like if if we already
have the answer before
>> well then you can you can just go money
aside. Do you want to do it
>> and you can roll the dice and see how
that goes for you. I don't reckon it's
going to go well but you should
definitely try it and let me know.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. Okay. That that's what I do. Like
>> money aside you want to be part of the
program and that's what I Okay, cool.
But it's just like to me that's like uh
to me that like you're gonna it's going
to get real combative real quick, right?
Depending on the person, but that like
you're not you're you're you're
not able to inch your way forward very
well doing it that way. And you're
asking definitive questions about the
like I'm never asking them to be in the
program. I'm asking if they see value,
if they like it, if the budget works
theoretically within their concerns. I'm
never saying that's why I said how do
you want to proceed from here? I don't
say so what so do you want to do it? I
say how do you want to proceed from
here? Because then they can give me
another objection. If I finish with so
do you want to do it or which payment
plan do you want then they can say like
quite definitive no statements, right?
and or like and it's very difficult to
maintain a coherent and pleasant
conversation when you're arguing with
somebody.
But because I'm never asking for
definitives, I'm not going like, "Hey,
is this a Visa or Mastercard?"
>> Because option closes work on stupid
people and lay downs.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. That's that's where they work.
They work on people who are going to buy
and dumb people. Like Like that's like
literally I'm not even being funny. You
know what I mean? Um, and so like just
open questions. Hey, why is that? Okay,
cool. So, like I've done objection
handling for two hours, you know what I
mean? And it's just it's the same
questions over and over again. Ask them
different ways, you know? And again,
like if you ask it in different ways and
if you use different dynamics in the
voice and if you're using different
inflections and stuff like that, like
you can ask it with the same words and
they're not going to pick up that it's
the same word,
right? Uh, all right, Jeremiah.
Hey Matt. So, uh, at one point you
mentioned there were like five, uh, five
sections under the question. Uh, what
will you do if your partner says no? I
just I just wanted to know what those
five points were that you worked
through. I think you said specificity
was one.
>> Oh, no. So, no. I said you got to have
like four to five different ways of
asking that same question, right? So,
and you you want you want to escalate
it, right? So, it's like, "Hey, what
happens if your partner says no?" "Okay,
well, what happens if your wife comes
home tonight? She's in a bad mood. You
ask her and she's like, "Nah, I don't
think so." Right? You know, like, "Okay,
well, like, what happens?" You know,
like, "What do you do?"
>> Okay, because now I've said, "What
happens?" So, it's like, "So, what do
you do if you know your wife is just in
a really bad mood? Becky's been a [ __ ]
at work and she's like, "No, I have no
interest in this. I want to buy a broken
bag."
What happens then? Okay. So, as you can
see, it's the same answer. It's the same
question over and over again. Austin
just very different ways because if I
don't get the answer like it's just not
a good thing for me.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. Make sense?
>> Yeah, that makes Yep. Thanks.
>> Yeah. Awesome. All righty. Uh let's go
with Sean NG.
>> All right. Thank you very much, Matt. Uh
got got a weird question with kind of so
I sell a non ROI offer. So, I sell
cosmetic surgeries, hair transplants,
facelifts, whatever health-wise. So,
regarding the partner objection, uh how
would you go about if they're concerned
about health-wise? I sometimes like to
flip it and say, "Oh, what if your
partner wants to go through this and he
gave you this and this?" But never
really works out well. Uh how would we
go about that way specifically?
>> The the principles are always the same.
I can't tell you how to like sit here
and and script it out. You got to work
through the principles, right? And then
from there like you have to figure out
the way to script it correctly. I'd have
to ask you like 45 questions.
>> You know what I mean?
>> And like that's not going to happen on
this environment. So like you know but
the principles are the same and then you
just insert things right and then that
may work perfectly. You may have to make
adjustments. You know what I mean? Like
it's an academic pursuit. There is no
correct way of doing this
right.
>> There is no correct. There is just what
works and that will be a slightly
different variant for every person and
every offer. But there are principles
that you can follow that make sense and
what I'm teaching is the principles.
>> Okay, make sense,
>> right?
>> I get that. Yeah.
>> All right, cool. Uh
>> Yaya,
>> did I say your name? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Man, yeah. In the role play, I think you
said something like all we can do is put
ourselves in the best position and all
we can do is get the skill. What was
your thought process behind saying that?
And what goes on in the prospect's mind?
>> Well, I couldn't I couldn't tell you
about the prospect's mind, but I can
tell you my thought process was uh one,
I don't like guaranteeing money. I never
do that. Right. So, he said like, you
know, like you said, you know, I need to
get the money. I go, well, can't
guarantee the money. You just get the
skill set.
Right? because I like I'm not making a
sale based off some [ __ ] guarantee.
That was basically that. And the um the
other one was um uh all you can do is
put yourself in the best position. When
I go into my like uh I guess you'd
probably call it a fear or like I've
non-logistical objections. Once I
finished that, that is the set point of
all the of all of my objection handling.
Once I get past all the law, like all
the logistics is all you can do is put
yourself in the best position to be able
to achieve the outcome. That's like my
set point position and then it's
variance of that for like as long as you
need to. But that that's always my reset
question, right? And it's asked in
different ways, right? So, you know,
like and then it escalates into like so
what do needs to do like what are the
tangible action points that you need to
do as a leader of the business,
whatever, right? um in order to make
sure that when you go to bed tonight,
you're doing everything you can to
achieve XYZ, right? Like that's like
hyperdefinitive. It's like the end of it
maybe after like four, five, six
iterations of that. But that it's
essentially the same question just with
a much more pointy set of qualifiers,
>> right? But you start off super simple,
right? Like what can you do to get the
outcomes that you want? That's it,
right?
>> Yeah. Like what do you need to do? Like
all you can do is put your is put
yourself in a position to be able to
win. That's all you can do. You can't
guarantee a win. You can all die today.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> So like there's no guarantees.
>> All right. Uh Ron,
>> hey Matt, thanks for this. Um just
curious, is there like a skill stack for
this in terms of like practicing getting
late? Because this it's awesome, but it
does feel a little bit like drinking
from a fire hose. So, I'm just wondering
if like, hey, should I just practice
interjecting in normal conversations
with people from day to day? Like, do
you have like any kind of is there a way
that I can get reps in that you would
recommend in day-to-day life that will
help sec? Of course, I don't want to go
and get arguments in McDonald's with
people to overcome why there wasn't
cheese on my cheeseburger. Um,
>> but maybe that'd be
>> Yeah, you know, it's actually it's an
interesting question. I think um
um
I think the best thing you can do is
understand the theory, right? Uh because
the execution of it is like
you can screw the like if the execution
is is bad, it's an easy fix, but if like
the like the uh if the decision- making
is bad, it's a difficult fix,
>> right? So what I would do is I would
focus on understanding like the the
process, right? And then don't worry too
much about executing each particular one
perfectly. You know what I mean? Just
like give yourself a learning curve
because there just is one. Like you
don't, you know, don't go into the gym,
put 300 pounds on a bench press, and
then go, "God damn it." You know what I
mean? It's like you you would give
yourself a break and you would escalate
that up. So, I think, you know, go
theory first, have an understanding of
it, practice it before you start doing
it, you know, like you wouldn't learn a
new squat and then put your max on like
that would be weird, right?
>> So, it's like just practice it. Um, and
then like when you're doing like listen
to your best calls and when you execute
it really well and then listen like
listen to that more than you listen to
the mistakes,
>> you know, because there always mistakes,
right? But when you have like a good ah
that was really that was really tight
listen to it over and over and over and
over and over again and kind of imprint
that on yourself and I think that's
probably the easiest way to do it and
then work on one component at a time you
know like it's there's a great book
called the hard thing about hard things
and the the premise is basically like
someone who becomes really good at
something the unique ability that they
usually have is that they can see 10
things that are wrong and only fix one.
Right? That takes a tremendous amount of
discipline because like it's it's very
easy to I could give you guys I could
hear a call recording and I could spend
an hour on the first three minutes. It's
like but is there any level of tangible
takeaway you can take from that? No.
>> You know what I mean? But if you sound
like a robot, let's probably fix that.
>> You know what I mean? Like just small
>> and just and then allow yourself to be a
human who learns.
>> Awesome. Appreciate that. Thank you.
>> All right, Lucia.
Hey man, thanks for the space here. Um,
I had three small questions.
>> I've only got time for one, so pick your
best one.
>> Okay. Um, so
yeah. So
what if they give you like a knee
answer? So it's like you ask them, hey,
so what if your your spouse doesn't want
to do this? And they tell you, so I
would have to really think about it.
>> That's the same thing. It's not that's
not an answer. I'd have to really think
about it. What do you mean?
>> Like it's it's the exact same. It's just
not an answer.
>> Right. So like it doesn't if the answer
has to be I do it or I don't.
>> Right.
>> So just like
>> either one is fine,
>> right? If they like if they say I'm not
going to move forward if my partner
isn't on board, I would probe to make
sure that's you know a real thing. I
would do that probably heavy as the head
that wears the crown thing. Then from
there if I'm like you know they agree
it's not really fair whatever it is be
like no no no like I'm not moving about
it. Okay cool she there
right be like let's go on the phone call
right so it's a yes or a no answer there
is no other answer so I just I'm going
to keep going and I'm going to keep
giving them different variants of that
and I'm going to keep going through it's
like it's like well I have to really
think about it. Yeah. Okay. What if she
was really pissed off though and she was
like no. What happens then?
you know, like you have to keep going
with it. All right. Um All right, Zach.
>> Hey, how does this um like the objection
handling process change for a B2B offer?
>> So, uh I sort of mentioned that at the
top, but it depends on what the B2B
offer is. If it's like a true B2B where
you're not talking to decision makers,
right, like department heads, boards,
stuff like that, then like it's
essentially a giant follow-up game,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> Um but you're like you can do some of
the same things, right? But you have to
figure out a a lot of objection handling
in B2B is really more uh not objection
handling, it's objection prevention,
right? which like that's it's or it's
not even that but it's understanding the
landscape that you're in right and then
if it's corporate then you're creating
corporate advocates and so you can do
the same thing and it's like yeah okay
money aside you feel like this would
actually work for you yeah okay sweet
mind telling why because you're going to
get but it's not going to end in like
some [ __ ] mindset re frame where
you're doing that now if you're selling
a $10 million CEO business owner it's no
different like that sort of B2B where
it's really not you're talking to the
guy right? Just smash them like everyone
else, do you know what I mean? Um, and
maybe use like depending on the person,
you could use like a more dialed in
language, you know what I mean? And be
more precise that way. But there there
isn't, you know, it's sort of that
enterprise level. It changes, but
everything below that, it really
doesn't. Um, and then from there, you
got to understand like what you sell.
like in selling a software like I'm not
I'm not objection handling someone that
aggressively because like there are
logistical barriers and there is sign
off that's needed from multiple people.
So like I'm I'm really doing a lot more
exploring. I'm doing a lot more in
problem awareness, right? Um my pitch is
going to be far more comprehensive,
right? And it and it's like but I'm very
rarely going to get like money
objections because like we've
established that quite early in the
piece like we we have a budget, you know
what I mean? So like no one's going to
go, "Oh, I'd love to do it, but we don't
have the money." It might be like,
"Okay, this is the next, you know, and
then you can try and pull money in,
right?" And you can do a lot of the same
sort of stuff, but you're trying to pull
money in. So it's just it's just very
different. It's actually significantly
easier in B2B. B2B sales is way easier
than B2C in terms of like the skill set
on the phone, but it requires a much
more professional sales rep because like
if you don't follow up, if you're not on
top of your CRM, like then you're
worthless. Do you know what I mean? I
don't know that answers your I know it
doesn't sort of answer your question
exactly, but you know, it's sort of the
way that it is. Hey guys, I have to go.
I have a sales call. I'm three minutes
over. All right. All right, guys. I got
to run. Good [ __ ] Uh just uh pop your
questions in the in the in the group or
whatever it is and I'll I'll try answer.
All right.
