In this video, I'm going to give you
[music] three analogies that I've used
over the course of a 17-year sales
career making multiple seven figures
that I think just make it easier to ask
difficult questions [music] or to get
prospects to shift how they see things.
A lot of the time prospects are stuck in
a rut with a particular thought pattern
and you try and tell them that they're
wrong or you get combative [music] and
it just ends up falling apart.
But with analogies and well-placed
analogies that are constructed in a
particular way, you can get someone to
see the error in their own thought
process and you don't really have to do
much challenging or be [music] super
charismatic or have any kind of crazy
word trick. They're all pretty simple.
In this video, I'm going to teach them
to you step by step. So, what are
analogies? technologies are essentially
short stories that are designed to I
guess uh make someone see the error in
their own logic or designed to kind of
make a really complex and difficult uh
thought process or thing simple. Okay,
so one of the cool things about
analogies is that you know same as like
parables, right? like they sort of
transcend culture and they can uncover
like an underlying truth that I think
people can connect with quite deeply and
I think there's sort of no better
example of this than how Jesus taught
with his parables you know like you know
throwing seeds on different types of
grounds like these are things that we
can visualize and with uh varying levels
of intelligence we can understand the
point that's trying to be get across and
we can take them and we can put them
into our own lives. lives and that is
why analogies are an incredibly powerful
part of selling. I've been selling with
analogies for a long time. In my like
kind of affordable group, I have an
entire sixeek course. I think it's like
14 videos or something like that that
goes over constructing analogies,
selling analogies. So, if you want to go
there, there'll be a button somewhere
and you can go and join that. Um,
[cough]
another reason why analogies work is
because people make themselves the
protagonist. And this is why you can
really challenge people using this type
of of sort of communication without it
getting combative. So like there's an
overweight person that's coming to a
gym. You're like, I need to go away and
think about it. Now, every single
decision that they've ever made has
caused them to be in a state where
they're ultimately fat and unhappy with
the results and outcomes that they've
got. Um, and going away and thinking
more is the last thing they had to do.
they they should have done it 5 years
ago. What why would you wait another two
days? Like that doesn't make any sense
if you actually want to get fit,
healthy, and get the outcome. And so,
um, you know, going at them and saying
like, "Yeah, but you've been fat your
whole life, so you're just going to go
away and think fat things fatty.
>> Get your fat ass back here."
>> Like, that's not going to be helpful to
them cuz they're just going to get
combative and defensive. And then you
really have to kind of navigate your way
through that. And that's just not
something that you really need to learn
how to do or should be doing on a
regular basis because combative selling
just isn't a good style. I don't think
it leads to refunds, etc., etc. But what
you can do is you can shift their
perspective through a different way of
thinking. And so that's where analogies
come in. And I think they're a beautiful
tool to use, especially for like
beginner and intermediate sales people
uh to be able to like set up and ask
difficult questions without having to
really rely on really really precise
word choice and tonality because like
you don't need to sell with analogies,
but they are a bit of a cheat code and
it's something that I used for a long
time to set up difficult questions.
Okay? And the fact that people make
themselves the protagonist, I think is
one of those key things. Like if I'm
talking about like if you're watching
Marvel and you're seeing like Thor,
[cough] if so, if you're watching Marvel
and you see Thor, like you place
yourself as Thor, like you identify with
that character, but like you're not
[ __ ] Thor. Like you're just the sales
guy on Asgard that's like, you know, and
I'm the sales guy and sales coach in
Asgard that's like, you know, making
money, right? It's like that's that
that's what it is. and all you can talk
about is money.
>> But because we identify with
protagonists, then what I can do is I
can give like a story arc and uh a
problem set and a way of thinking and an
overcoming and I can go through that
whole hero's arc without talking about
the prospect specifically. And if
anything, it's a good thing to not and
I'll talk about in a second when I go
through things to avoid. But it allows
the person to connect the dots
themselves. And so it ends up being them
convincing themselves, which I think is
pretty powerful. The biggest mistake
that you will make in analogies is
putting the person into it, right? So,
um, and I'll show you some examples of
that later, but you don't want the
person to think that it's necessarily
about them, okay? Cuz then they're going
to start to think of it [snorts]
differently. You just want them to be
like like an observer of the story,
okay? First person, third person, stuff
like that. Okay? So, the first analogy
I'm going to teach you is my same bolt
analogy. It's really really simple.
There are some real long ones um that
I've done in the past, but I'm going to
boil these down to some real simple ones
that you can use. Um and the point of
this analogy is to get someone to uh
it's a two-part thing. One is to set up
asking consequence questions. I used to
find asking those sort of cost of an
action questions quite difficult. So, I
wanted a way to make it easier for
myself um and to make it in their
benefit to answer. And then another way
is uh the other thing it does is it
helps you get a more indefinite solution
or a more precise uh solution because it
makes it in their benefit. So the
analogy goes like this. Okay, so let's
just say we put Usain Bolton on 100
meter line, you know, and he's at the
local YMCA. Like he's going to run
pretty quick. He's a fast runner, but
let's just say I put him on the 100
meter line and it's the gold medals in
the line. It's the Olympics. there's
millions and millions of people watching
and you hit that gun and you go, he's
going to run faster because like he
knows exactly what he's running for,
right? He can taste it. He can feel it.
It's led up to this point. All the
people are watching. It's a huge moment.
You know what I mean? So, he's going to
run even faster now. You know, if I
released a line behind him, he'd
probably run even faster again, right?
But like, what is that gold medal for
you? What are you actually chasing? So,
that's it. Pretty simple, pretty
straightforward. So what I'm doing there
is like Usain Bolton 100 meter line is
going to run quick. But at the local
YMCA like he's only going to run so
fast. Nothing's on the line. There's no,
you know what I mean? There's no like
benefit, right? But for the gold medal
to be crowned the world's best, you know
what I mean? In front of all those
people just, you know, you kick it into
another gear, right? And people can
identify with that. And so it's like
that allows me to go, so what is that
gold metaphor? What are we chasing?
Okay, because we know that you run
faster when there's something on the
line. So therefore, it benefits you to
tell me what's in the line so that you
can run faster. Now, that little thing
at the end that I did, which is like,
yeah, but if we released a line behind
him, then like he'd run even faster.
That sets up my consequence question.
Okay? Because I find sometimes,
especially for beginner and intermediate
sales reps, the the cost of an action
questions, they skip them because they
can be quite awkward. But if you have a
reason to ask it, okay, well, now we
know the gold matter. What's the line
though? Like what's the line that I'm
gonna release? Like what happens if you
don't do anything about this? you never
figure out what to do and you don't get
a chance to even be in the golden race.
What happens then? Okay, so you can see
how that then allows you to do that.
It's really simple, really
straightforward. You're going to put it
somewhere in sort of your solution
awareness phase. Okay, now the next one
is usually used to shift someone's
perspective. Let's just say I'm in
objection handling and I've gone through
all the logistical stuff and I'm
shifting into fear. This is like the
cheat code that I use to sort of control
where they go after that initial like
logistical so that I can be in control.
Okay? And so it's like penthouse and
ground floor. So let's just say they go,
"Oh, this all sounds really good. I just
really, you know, money [snorts] works.
Just need to go away and think about
it." I go, "Okay, well that makes sense
kind of based off where you're at,
right?" But the only problem is like if
you're always making um well that makes
sense kind of based on where you're at.
The only the only problem is that if
you're always making decisions based off
where you are. It's the only the only
place you can ever be. Does that does
that make sense? Let's just say you're
at the penthouse and you're really high,
you can see a lot. So you can intake a
lot of information. But if you're at the
ground floor, you can't see anywhere
near as far. So the amount of
information you can intake is much less.
So if I had to get from one place to
another, I'm in a much better position
if I have a higher perspective because I
can intake more information. Okay? But
to get that perspective, you have to
make the decisions of the person that
got to the penthouse. So like what are
the things that you feel like you need
to do to put yourselves in the right
position to where you can kind of make
that shift? If we can make a perspective
shift, that's the first step into
overcoming a think about it objection.
It's like, so we have to feel then
think, then do. So the first thing I
have to do is get them to like go, okay,
it's not that I need to go in and think
about it. It's that I need to think
about it differently.
Like that's the first little door that
you have to open. Without that door,
there's no other doors opening up,
right? The first little door that has to
open. Okay, so that's for that one. The
next one is like a teacher one. This
one's really good for kind of earlier in
a call when you're getting people who
are like, I don't think I need anything.
or let's say you're trying to do upsells
or you're trying to sell buyer leads of
low ticket into high ticket stuff like
that. It's usually used more towards the
beginning of a call when people are a
little bit like oh what's this? I think
I'll just give this a try on my own.
Okay. So now I I like to pull from
experience because I think that they
come better. So what you want to do is
take the I guess the framework or like
the outcome of the analogy and then from
there kind of insert your own stuff. But
like for me ADHD and dyslexia, right?
So, um, if someone when someone tells me
that, I go, "Yeah, that makes sense."
You know what I mean? Now, would would
you say that you've kind of tried things
in the past and they, you know, you've
given it a red hot crack, right? So,
let's let's just say we're selling
weight loss. It's like, well, okay. Have
you tried different diets in the past?
Yes. Do you feel like you gave it a good
a good crack? Yes. Almost everyone's
going to say yes. And so, it's like,
okay, cool. So, if you tried everything
in the past, you know what I mean? But,
and you and you did it the right way, it
just didn't work out, then maybe there's
something going on like me. I'm
dyslexic, right? And so I was in all
like the low the lowest classes when I
was a kid until an teacher came around
that knew how to teach me. And then I
went to supper class and I ended up
graduating saladictorian like all that
kind of good stuff. And so it wasn't
that I was dumb, it's just that I hadn't
been taught the way that I needed to be
taught. And it wasn't even that the
teaching style was wrong because it was
right for almost everybody but not me.
Right? And so would you be open to maybe
considering that it's not that there's
anything wrong with those diets, but
maybe that you know you're just one of
those, say 2 3% of people that react
differently to things or need some
tinkering and you just haven't found the
right teacher yet to come in and teach
you the right way.
And most people are going to be like,
"Oh, because what that does is it
actually makes them into a special
little snowflake."
>> So cute. It's like too cute almost. It's
not that they're not motivated. It's not
that they're haven't tried. It's not
that they like, you know, haven't just
given it their best. It's just that they
haven't found the thing yet, the tweak,
the person. And it's probably true in a
lot of cases. A lot of times people,
especially in weight loss, just need
someone to guide them, right? And so
what that does is it allows you to to
sort of open it up into expanding into
larger problems. And you can do it from
a place of like personal experience. So
it's about me, not them, right? So they
can identify with my education and they
can transpose that onto their weight
loss journey. It's very easy for someone
to do that. You know, smart people, dumb
people, everyone can do it. This is the
power of analogies. Like you can super
non-combatively
like just get someone to think of things
a little bit differently, see a bit of a
different angle, and you can kind of
ramp it up. So, if you kind of content,
let me know down in the comments. And uh
I'll speak to you soon.
