Hey guys, welcome to another episode of
Coffees for Closers. So, uh have two
special guests here. Have Yash and
Austin. So, I've known these guys for a
while. Um Austin did uh my content for a
while and then was like the uh head of
content over at Seventh Level, at least
when when I was there. Um and then Yash,
a man who needs no introduction, uh yet
we'll get one. um he was a top sales rep
uh when I was when I was running and
gunning over there and then took over as
uh head of revenue and head of sales and
all that kind of good stuff. But I can
let them tell you about that. And now
they're off doing kind of their own
thing helping business owners uh scale
and uh applying the stuff that they've
learned over the years um in high growth
companies and uh putting in revenue
strategy, marketing strategy, sales
strategy, content, all that like all
that kind of good stuff. And uh yeah, so
what you're going to learn in this one
is a little bit about content strategy
um and about revenue strategy and about
what it's like I guess being in a high
growth company and some of the pitfalls
and good things. And then we're going to
learn about what the boys are doing now.
So what's going on boys?
>> What's up?
>> What's up?
>> Oh, you know, just trying to stay out of
trouble. How about you?
>> Opposite getting into trouble. Yeah,
that
>> may may your way forward be lit by the
bridges you burn behind you.
>> Exactly right. That's how you got to
live.
>> Um All right, cool. So, uh, let's go
through. So, quick intros of yourself,
Austin.
>> Yeah. So, I started, um, I started
pretty much making content about five,
six years ago. And that accidentally led
into starting up a content agency. Long
story short, that expanded to about like
100 to 130k a month. And then right
after our first 100k a month, uh, I only
knew how to make content. I didn't know
how to run a business. So, we reached
out, me and my business partner at the
time, we reached out to Matt, uh, asked
him to help us kind of stabilize the
business and figure out how to maintain
it. Um, and then from there, we got
connected with Seventh Level and I ended
up taking over there and I kind of
dialed down the business just to focus
on growing that up and then that's how I
met Yosh as well.
>> Yeah, I think I met you really
similarly. I think I I met you 13, 14,
some [ __ ] like that. I have a podcast
with you from like three years ago and I
was spat. Um, but you and I worked
together on a lot of sniper accounts and
then we worked together at 7th and then
when you left I had to take control. Um,
but until then, you know, worked under
you for a really long time which was
fun.
>> Yeah. And uh, you know, uh, two uh, both
really good at what they do, right? So,
um, you know, to just to give kind of my
two cents, like Austin is a uniquely
gifted person at being able to take, I
guess, like content ideas and then
figuring out the hooks and the angles
and being able to make it, you know,
like hit if if that's kind of a, you
know, if that's kind of the right word.
Um, and then Yash is just a really good
sales rep. Like, uh, but then also like
when you become a really good sales rep,
the only way to do that is to start to
analyze all all pieces of it. And then
from there, like that leads into revenue
attribution and strategies. And because
like you know um I sat down and I would
I would walk through like how okay you
want to make a million dollars this year
Yash like how do we do that and then we
have to break it down by month by
quarter. What are the down months? What
are the good months? What's going to
happen? Is there an election? What's
going to happen here? Here here here and
if you start strategizing that and you
really want to maximize your money as a
sales rep, you start to learn how
business works as well and you start and
then from there it's like a natural
cycle to start understanding revenue
cycles and stuff like that. And so like
uh so so tell me through like what are
you guys doing at the moment like what's
the what's the new venture?
>> Yeah. So, you know, we obviously made
our exit from seventh, you know, a few
months back. And so, we sort of looked
at like what we thought we did really
well in seventh and then we kind of
reflected on like what, you know, could
have been better and like what the
market needs. And we sort of came up
with a concept where it's like most
businesses in the coaching industry,
kind of like the mistakes we made at
Seventh, even after you left and we had
to take over of like scaling their ads
too much, not having the right
profitability, not having the right
sales systems, right? A lot of what we
did really well was we had to figure it
out. Like even for me to make a million
bucks you have to understand how a
business works for Austin to take a
media from zero to growing it up. And so
we looked at everything in any business
including seventh which was by far I
think the biggest business we had been a
part of of like what went really well
but what wasn't good and what are the
same mistakes other people are making
whether it's with their organic content
their profitability their sales team
their management and we're like what if
we put something together that solved
that because that for us was like okay
if we want to go from 100 to 200 to 300
500 like we did it relatively quick at
7th or any even at snipe or any accounts
we managed it was relatively easy but
it's because we were really good at
sales systems and we were really good at
organic right and that helped with the
paid marketing and everything else. But
if you don't have that [ __ ] down, then
even at a company that does 45 million
in revenue, you'll end up tanking if you
don't have those systems in place and
those processes.
>> For sure. And then like Austin, so run
me through like I guess you know, do you
have like a a thesis on content? Because
I think everyone should do content. I
think like regardless of you know, I
think that it's just a good idea. It's a
great like uh it's a great strategy just
to be able to uh build a level of
authority even if you're a day-to-day
sales rep, you know what I mean? And you
don't have an ambition of being
whatever, but it allows you to showcase
what you can do. And um you know, you
have a higher likelihood of getting
picked for a better sales role or
whatever it is, right? Like you just
have like if someone can investigate you
and and sort of have a listen and go,
"Ah, this person can clearly articulate
what they're doing, that means that they
probably have a decent understanding,
which means that they're probably pretty
good at it, you know, and so I would
like to hire that person."
>> I agree. Yeah. I think I think everybody
should be doing content. That doesn't
mean you have to go out and do it at
like a crazy level with super high
editings. Everyone should just be
putting out their message on social
media cuz there was a study done by
Google. It's called the 7-Eleven 44 rule
where basically for someone to trust you
enough, for a stranger to trust you
enough to purchase, they need to consume
seven hours of content across 11
different touch points on four different
platforms. And once they do that,
they're basically primed enough to
purchase from you. So basically, if
you're putting out, you know, stories on
Instagram, you record yourself in a
selfie style, you put it up, you record
um some Loom videos explaining how you
do whatever you do and put that on
YouTube. You basically want to give
people enough content to where they can
kind of see how your brain works and how
you do things and develop that
parasocial relationship with you to
trust you enough in order to buy.
>> Okay. I like that word parasocial. I
like that. That's a very very like
precise and apt way of putting that. I
like precise language. That's good. What
I guess what are some because I think
like you know um with like content you
know I think I think what what is the
stat like in order to have a top 1%
podcast you need to have 35 episodes you
know and
>> and that that's just because people give
up because they don't they're not
getting like the response they thought
that they would get you know uh like you
have a pretty big brand on on Instagram
and you do some funny [ __ ] like you so
like run me through like what's your
like like tell us about like your
Instagram because it's quite unique. I
do a lot of like comedy satire videos
and uh it all just started truthfully
just from like a little bit of autism I
think because when I when I started
making content when I was like 16 I
would just I watch Gary Vee a lot so I
just started making 10 posts a day and
like I would get bullied at school but
some part of my brain just didn't listen
to that bullying. I just
>> Was that because you're gay or is that
>> partially
No, I said a lot of like weird [ __ ] I'm
not going to lie. Like I would I would
make some weird posts, but um I didn't
>> Your shit's pretty weird now.
>> I was about to say it hasn't changed any
bit.
>> Your shit's pretty weird.
>> Five unethical ways to make money
>> par 59 million.
>> Like you know cuz you you wear those red
gloves and like you know
I I I know you pretty well and like um I
I think I have a ton of respect for you.
Like I don't know if you know that like
cuz I call you gay and stupid all the
time but like uh like I I think you're
exceptional at what you do in the same
way. I think you're exceptional what you
do as well, right? Um, and I'll get to
kind of both of you. Um, but like you
know the red gloves for example, like
creepy as [ __ ] Definitely on purpose,
you know what I mean? Like like what's
your thought process behind you know
looking at a piece of content and going
like how can I make that better? So I
when I look at content and making it
better,
some of it is intuition. So, I'd say to
start it's a little bit of intuition,
but a majority of it is just based off
of data. So, what I'll do is I have so
much data on myself and the content I
put out um that I can look back. I'll
split this into two sections. I can look
at my own content because I used to post
10 times a day and I used to just push
out volume and then I can put everything
into a spreadsheet and I can look at
what topics perform best and what styles
perform best. So basically I would take
the same topics, the same ideas and I
would try them in a bunch of different
styles with a bunch of different hooks
and then I can see after a month which
one of those styles and hooks were to
invest and I would just repeat the top
styles like the unethical ways to make
money and I would repeat you know the
same hooks too like the unethical ways
to make money or like a parenting satire
parenting tip stuff like that and I
basically just rinse the stuff that's
working and that's like for myself
personally. I'll give you an example for
like the internet marketing space.
>> Yeah. For Jeremy's page specifically
with Seventh Level,
60% of the content we put out was
talking head style content where it was
just a camera set up and he was looking
at the camera and talking. When I
started tracking the data of his topics
and styles, I realized that
the bottom 20% of his or like his worst
performing bottom 20% of content was all
talking head style. So what we did is we
took out all the talking head videos and
we replaced it with the top 20% which
was tweets, reactions, and phone calls
where it's basically like him talking to
prospects over the phone. And what
happened the next month is the reach
shot up by 40%.
So I look at data like that when it
comes to optimizing.
>> Okay. All right. Cool. And then like in
is is it different for long form? Would
you would you use different kind of
metrics or like like what what do you
what do you think about that? like
because obviously there's a ton of like
factors, right? If it's a 30 second one
minute video, it's way easier to watch
that whole thing, you know? So, the
content has to be way stickier, I
suppose. But like what are you looking
for in terms of like that longer form?
Because I guess like that's, you know,
in my opinion, tell me if I'm wrong,
short form is good for like gaining
audience and long form is good for like
deepening the relationship with the
audience, right? And like gaining trust
and stuff like that. So, what what's
your thought process around that? I
think all of the long for for if you're
like a a business and like you're in
the, you know, coaching space, like
internet marketing space, a lot of your
long form just needs to be showing that
you're good at what you do. And you
don't need to worry about like a lot of
the like, yes, you have to like slightly
tweak and optimize for retention, but
you don't need to go record Mr. Beast
style intros and do crazy out of the
park thumbnails. You just need to show
that you know what you're talking about.
And then all the short form that gets
the attention, you'll have CTAs in that
short form to bring them to the long
form. And that's when they start to get
that 7-Eleven four rule effect happening
where they watch that long form and
they're indoctrinated into you and then
they trust you more. So the long form,
it's like I mean there's so many factors
that go into play. It's like if you if
you are just speaking the way your
audience likes to be spoken to, like you
don't talk at like a you know, if you're
if you're talking to like a mass amount
of people and you're speaking at a super
high uh level like like you do your
content really good because you you
speak very uh sophisticated and a lot of
people that buy from you, they're
smarter. Whereas, if you just dumped
everything down to a three-year-old, a
lot of people would think that what
you're selling isn't that sophisticated
or that advanced.
>> Yeah. I'm trying to get a few people to
give me a lot of money.
>> Yeah. A small amount of people to give
me a lot of money. Yeah. Instead of a
lot of people to give me a little bit of
money. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Okay. And
then like, you know, uh Yeah. just like
rolling into that when when it comes to
because obviously there's a huge issue
of like you know I I I love organic
because I I think like without it a lot
of the you end up with a heavy like
reliance on leads and stuff like that
and on on on paid advertising and
obviously paid advertising you know I
think like Hermoszi uh kind of describes
it well where he's like when you're
doing direct response advertising you're
talking to like 3% of the available
people who would buy because it's like
the people who are like at a actionable
stage right now and then everyone one's
doing all this [ __ ] advertising, but
they're not doing anything to like build
build the trust and build the brand, you
know what I mean? And it's like pure
brand building is like kind of a little
bit insane if you're in the info space
because like it's really hard, but like
trust building I think is really
important. And one of the ethoses that I
always tried to have was like more
people need to be being educated for
free by me or by us than who we're
advertising to. And I think as soon as
you break through that barrier where the
advertising pool and like buy my [ __ ]
pool is bigger than hey here's a bunch
of great information like um I think you
start blowing things out. You know what
I mean? But like what's your what's your
thought like when you look at a business
and when you come in you're looking at
sales, you're looking at marketing
process, stuff like that. Like what are
you looking for to say like okay like is
the sales team [ __ ] Are the leads [ __ ]
Is this a combination of everything? Are
they overly relying on something like
what are you looking for?
>> I think like you know and that's where I
think being good at sales helps like
when you sort of are good at that
because you can look at a business
differently. I think like a lot of the
ways even when you and I work together
on Sniper or when I had to step up at
seven like [ __ ] was really easy because
when you're good at sales you can figure
out is it a marketing problem? Is it a
sales problem? And so for me when I go
into any business or even at 7th it was
very much like let me hear the calls let
me see the marketing mechanism that's
leading up to this and then is the KPI
we've given to this mechanism fair?
Outbound is not going to have a higher
conversion than 25 to 30%. Like that's
just it is what it is. It's like there's
nothing I can do about it. My black you
know my SLO funnel for example it'll
have a higher conversion and I expect a
higher conversion. So better sales
people should have better you know
better leads on their calendar. Worse
sales people should have outbound leads.
So like
>> that's an interesting take though which
I totally agree with but that's not
common.
>> Yeah. It's it's funny cuz you know I
don't think I told you this story either
like when you have so there was a
situation where like you know you had
left right and then obviously I had to
take over and then the CEO right after
you had left and I remember we were in a
board meeting. It was me the founder the
president and the CFO and they're all
like hey dude we need you to figure this
out cuz like if in January we don't hit
this KPI we're going to have let go of
30 employees. And I was like okay. And
they're like, "So, how do we hit KPI?"
I'm like, "We do the [ __ ] that works, we
do more of it, and anything that's
stupid, we just don't do less of it."
And so, like, it became very easy. I
don't think like when you look at a
sales process or a system, I think the
mechanisms are easy to pull. I think it
was like 3.7 collected,
just focusing on the [ __ ] that worked,
double down on it, fix it on it, and get
better at it. Most companies that come
to us initially, it's usually a
marketing problem straight up. And there
are sales problems with their data,
their start of day meetings, all that
gets restructured. But a lot of times
like when Austin comes in and fixes
organic, magically the ads get better.
Magically the ROI is better, the
profitability is better. And then you
start fixing the sales, it becomes a lot
easier. But like most people don't
fixate on one thing that they need to
get really good at.
>> They just try to fix five things
>> and that [ __ ] it up.
>> That's a great point. There's a good
book called The Hard Thing About Hard
Things. And that's like the thesis of
the book which is like the hard thing
about hard things is that uh you have to
see things that are broken and leave
them and just focus on one thing you
know so like because like there there
are like inherent variables but
sometimes like I know for me the last
thing I will ever touch is a script in a
business. business wants me to come in
and like help their sales, like I'll
never touch a script because there's
like too much uh there's too much
adaptation in fixing a script that like
it will it it invites volatility and it
will even a better script new will be
probably uh yield a worse outcome, you
know, um like in the short term, right?
And so I don't want to then do all these
fun changes that work really well and
then all of a sudden put a better script
in with a bunch of [ __ ] retards that
are like me make sale and then they
perform it shittily. You know what I
mean? And uh and and they and they [ __ ]
the bed than I get blamed. You know what
I mean? Um but also like you know I I I
don't you know it's hard for people to
understand but and I think when you're
going in and the more business
restructures stuff like that you do like
there is no right and there is no wrong.
It's just sort of like whatever is
working because like if you have a a
really dumb sales team, you sort of have
to identify that you have kind of a dumb
sales team and then you should probably
do like straight line scripting. You
know what I mean? Like you should
probably do quite simple straight line
based stuff that's like real easy. Like
if they're all newbies like I work at a
business called committed coaches,
right? And you you've done some stuff in
there. It's 600 sales reps and most of
them are brand new. Like I'm not
teaching them like complex sales systems
that require an IQ of over a hundred to
learn. You know what I mean? And it's
not that they're not that all of them
are dumb dums, but if you're brand new
at something like the like this is a
great analogy. If I were to ask you
what's the fastest way to get around a
running track and you say sprinting, you
would be right. Unless I'm a baby.
If I'm a baby, then crawling is the
right way. If I'm a toddler, then
toddling is the fastest way. If I'm in a
wheelchair, sprinting is not the
fastest, right? So, it's like if you say
sprinting is the fastest way, therefore
you decide that everybody must sprint,
you are an idiot,
you know? And that's why like especially
like the sales training and business
coaching space, it infuriates me because
I'm like way too it's it's like it's
like I'm the Jordan Peterson of the
[ __ ] sales world. I just see too much
and it annoys me that I go you Yeah, but
what does believe even mean?
>> What do you even mean by clothes? I
don't
>> [ __ ] Um, but like Yeah. So, you were
talking about like you were helping this
kid out.
>> Yeah. Know, I was just giving it as an
example like I I don't take on oneonone
coaching clients often, right? But
whenever I do take them on, it's like
what is the easiest way to get to the
outcome? And I think you treat a
business very similarly. If the easiest
way to get to an outcome like this guy
Renee, he's closed like 300 grand cash
collected on upsells. Great. Now you can
while inbound is being figured out.
>> They called me, they're loving him.
>> Oh yeah. They're like he's like the top
rad that everybody's talking about, but
I'm like a lot of being a good sales guy
relates to business. It's different
obviously to some degree. It's a bit
more higher level, but like focus on the
easiest way to get to your outcome.
Don't make it more complicated. Just
focus on the easiest way to get to it.
And until you make it work, then you
don't think about anything else. And
then you just fix that one thing again.
and again and again and again. Um, and I
think the same goes with organic or paid
marketing. If you scale up your ads too
quick or you spend over spend, which I
think that's something interesting to
talk about, but if you spend too much,
kind of like what we did back at
Seventh, it's like you're not fixing the
problem. You're just throwing money at
the problem. The same way overhiring,
you're just throwing money at it, making
a process more complicated. You just
it's for no reason.
>> For no reason,
>> you know, like at like ads are
interesting. I think there's a really
like uh the one of the difficulties the
one thing that I noticed when this is
across a lot of different businesses but
if the like the organic content will
like uh massively affect the rorowaz
even if you're even if they're not even
on the same platform or linked in any
way you know and so we were doing
correct me if I'm wrong but I think we
we were doing high ad spend at least
when I was there we were doing like a
pretty significant ratio and it was like
the more in ad spend the more content
had to be done, you know, to try and
kind of keep that eyeballs thing going.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's like, you know, and I would see
like, you know, um, like YouTube videos
would stop going out for a week for
whatever reason, and then all of a
sudden [ __ ] ad spend, like the like
cost per lead would skyrocket. And it's
like YouTube ads and metal leads. And
it's like I think people just
underestimate how ecosystems work, you
know? And I remember uh having a
conversation with like it was a business
owner and he had a pretty good organic
and so like we had ads going and
everything was going well running it. It
was going like 500k a month thing was
[ __ ] cruising. Dude was playing golf
every day. Didn't have to do [ __ ]
right? Um and then he was like, "Oh, all
of our sale all of our best leads come
from the website." And I was like,
"Yeah, it's like so we're just going to
ramp website advertising." I was like,
"No, we're not doing that." And he was
like, "No, no, no. Like that's for the
best leads." I was like, "Mate, they
just end up there." the you you don't
have a magical website.
>> Yeah.
>> I was like, you know, they just end up
there, mate. Like, don't don't do that.
Let's just keep doing what we're doing.
And then you've got that weird like
organic and paid. And if the attribution
softwares or whatever, they don't have
that, then like they don't see that
like, you know, there's a business in
Australia and the guy is called Jack
Henderson. You should look up his
content, Austin. You'd [ __ ] love it.
It is it is amazing, right? Um, but like
if you look at like their rorowaz is
like negative five,
right? But like it's because they don't
have the correct attribution stuff set
up, right? Whereas like it's so it's all
coming from organic, but in reality the
ads are pushing everyone to see more of
him and then his is his his organic
skyrockets and then from there they opt
in from that. But the ads like started
it. You know what I mean? He's got a
giant Instagram. Like it's huge. Um,
he's funny as [ __ ] like he does these
great segments and he's like he does
like property stuff and he does like uh
[ __ ] holes [ __ ] holes you shouldn't buy
in Australia and stuff like that and he
just does he does great it's brilliant
onpoint content for exactly what he's
doing but I see like you know I see such
a lack of like understanding as to the
ecosystems that people build and all
they want to do is [ __ ] throw money
at ads you know when it when it's like
if you're having to spend that much
money on advertising like chances are
like either there's something wrong with
like the TAM like the total assessment
market that you've put together or like
the the offering itself is a little bit
stale or like not necessarily doing
something there's something wrong and if
it's really hard to sell like if the
marketing is [ __ ] super hard and the
sales is super hard like there's
something wrong you know cuz like I look
at dialer you got to innovate it as well
do you know what I mean like even with
dialer with any product most people
don't innovate the products it's the
same pitch the same messaging year after
year month after month so if there's no
innovation then you're not changing So
the market knows you as one thing and so
eventually everything will go out of
style, out of content, out of unique,
right? Dialer is going to have
iterations, I'm sure, but like you have
to bring something new to the market
every so often for people to want to
stay engaged. Otherwise, you build up an
audience for no reason. Yeah. One thing
that pissed me off on a lot of offers
that I've been on is like they didn't
want to run the best organics as ads.
And then finally when I went to seventh
level, uh what we did is we we took the
best performing organic videos, the ones
that would get like 700,000 views, a
million views, we would slap on a CTA at
the very end to go to the SLO. Uh and
then basically to for context before
before we did that, the cost per
acquisition was like $144 on this
product that I I believe it sold for on
average 66, right?
>> Oh, the average car value was $74.
>> 77. Yeah. So it was 140 CPA and then 74.
Um, but then when we did the best
performing organics with the CTA at the
end for about 2 weeks with that new
organic, the CPA would be around 44
bucks. So as long as you keep putting in
more new organic and you can test
basically for free what angles are going
to work best, what hooks are going to
work best, then you just take that best
performing organic and then you run it
as an ad and then boom, you can just get
a cycle of new ad cratom going over and
over again. Yeah, I see ton of business
owners not doing anywhere near enough
creative. Like, it's crazy. Like,
they'll have like a 6x row and it goes
down to five, four, three. It's like,
dude, you just got to do, dude, you have
to shoot ads. Like, what are you doing?
When was the last time you shot new ads?
Like, ah, three months ago. It's like,
[ __ ] me, mate. Like, how many times do
you want to show the same people the
same thing? Like, you know, like if
you're standing on the side of the row
of your dick out, right, in the same
spot every day going, "Who wants to
fuck?" Like, someone's gonna say yes.
But like by the end of a week, everyone
who's going to say yes has said yes and
everyone who's going to punch you has
punched you and the rest of them are
just [ __ ] doing their thing with
looking at their iPhone. Like you have
to bring out a bigger better dick every
now and then. You know what I mean? Like
so or at least go to a different street
corner, you know? But and and that's
sort of what like media buying is like
you're going to different street
corners, right? Like you're so you're
sort of splitting that. When you start
spending a lot of money, you sort of run
out of effective street corners. like,
"Yeah, you could go over there, but
like, you know, they're used to black
guys and you're just not gonna stand
out."
>> You know what I mean? So, you know, um,
you know, so like he just Yeah. It's
like, you know, don't put a billboard
for like a super expensive luxury
service in the middle of the ghetto and
and you know, and and and don't put
[ __ ] a super ghetto store in the
middle of a [ __ ] Beverly Hills, you
know what I mean? Like, it's just the
it's not doesn't put there. So, when you
start spending lots of money, you run
out of effective ad placement. And then
from there you're just like, man, you've
got to turn that over a lot. Like, you
know, and the TAM will like discover
that. Like, if you have a real niche
product, there's still lots of people,
but it's like you you're limited in the
places that you can get to them. And
then so from there, you have to like,
>> you know, you got to get creative with
it.
>> That's kind of what happens. Like I
think and I think you were there at 17th
and kind of when this happened it's like
when you just keep spending more in
marketing it's like a drug in a way
where it's like if I have a problem and
I need to hit KPI cuz logically if I
double ad spend I'll double the
business. It just never works like that
unfortunately because your profitability
goes lower. You're not hiring more
salespeople. It's a stupid way to look
at it. And I think a lot of people just
do that right? They just spend more
money. Most businesses I don't think
need to spend more money in marketing.
You either got to make your product
better, fix your team, fix your organic.
You got to fix something, but it's far
easier to spend more money than it is to
actually fix [ __ ]
>> Yeah, that's where uh I think like
having uh budgets and ratios in place,
you know, like where you have like a
hey, you know, you you can only spend
this much money to make this much money
because like, you know, the the default
is like everyone would just want to do
more of what they know, you know, cuz
like if you have a team that wants to
solve a problem, like it's not even like
stupid or nefarious. It's just like
people are going to default. Like if I
go we need more leads. Like you know
what's Austin going to do? He's going to
go well let's [ __ ] ramp up organic
and let's do this, right? And then it's
do more do more videos. And the media
the ad guy is going to go let's do more
ads. The sales guy is going to do let's
[ __ ] get more salespeople and make
more calls. You know what I mean?
Everyone's going to do what what what
their department can do, you know? So
you get the bias and the loudest
person's the one who usually they'll go
with that. you know I mean uh but in
reality it's usually like sometimes more
isn't better and you have to sort of do
some consolidation you know what I mean
which I think is a smart thing to do um
and then like you know also I think what
a key issue that I see is like
um if you try and get bigger every month
I think that's kind of dumb right like
because it's like growth for growth's
sake and then you end up kind of like
maxing everybody out all the time
and that red lines your team and that
causes issues, you know. And then if
you're in an environment, which a lot of
like uh education or high ticket
businesses are where you're sort of
hitting new heights every month or every
couple months, your entire team is
experiencing that for the first time
together as a as a group. And so
everything from there is uncharted
territory because you don't have someone
who's done it before. It's just the way
it is normally, right? Uh with high
growth companies, that's how it works.
That's why most of them sort of like
they hit a ceiling and the ceiling is
like, "Okay, it's time to change because
we need people." I said that all the
time. I said like, you know, I'm happy
to grow this business to whatever it is,
but like I'm not going to be here at 50,
80, 100. Like, I'm not doing that. Like,
first of all, that doesn't sound fun at
all.
>> Well, the worst issue is when you double
hire. Most people, like, even in any
company, right? It's like people
overhire because they want to keep
growing, but then you get two people to
do one man's position and so in reality
nothing gets done.
>> But also there's the Peter principle.
Have you ever heard of that? Where you
promote people to a state of
incompetence.
That's really common,
>> right? It's really really common, right?
So basically like someone is a good
sales rep, so you make them a manager
and they're they're a great sales rep.
So you make them manager and they're a
good manager. Then you make them head of
sales and they are an adequate head of
sales. Then you make them CRO and they
are a [ __ ] miserable CRO. Right? So
what you've done is you promoted them to
a state of incompetence,
you know? Um and so that's why like I
highly recommend that no one has a
seuite until quite late in the game
because like if I have someone as a CMO,
right? Uh like I remember came to me was
like I want to be the CMO. I was like no
like he didn't like it right. Um but I
just said like you know not yet because
the CMO like head of marketing like you
can bring in a CMO over the top. A CMO
you can't bring anyone over the top. So
the only thing I have is fired or
demoted. Which one do you want? Because
like you know like if it's like okay
let's just say a business is at $100
million and you want to get to $500
million you have to have people in place
in a leadership position that have been
to 500 million or been very close to it.
So they would have been the head of
marketing of a $500 million company and
now they're going into a hund00 million
company to be the CMO. Then they be the
CMO to 500. Then they become the head of
marketing of a billion dollar company.
Right? then they go back and you know
what I mean and they do it that way you
know and and then so like
>> so okay this is actually a good point
I'm curious on your thoughts on this but
also Austin's even at seventh or any
company it's like I feel like if you
hire people too advanced it [ __ ] you up
cuz they start talking like out there
right like if when we hired people from
like Deote and Mckenzie it was
horrendous because those people spoke so
far into the spectrum of like different
[ __ ] we had to do where it's like dude
we run a coaching company dude you don't
run uh like a co you know what I Yeah,
but you're
>> there's a difference, right? So, when
you hire consulting retards, okay, like
who have never done it, it's very
different. And if you hire someone who's
been [ __ ] head of sales of Salesforce
to come and run this, like it's too big
of a jump.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. But you need like uh you need
leaders that can do there are certain
levels of business, right? and certain
but there are also certain types of
leaders and certain types of people that
require a full team and and and that's
appropriate sometimes but like you know
you need a doer like I just hired two
very high level devs really expensive
ones uh for dialer but we made sure they
were devs that still code like they're
they are coders but they are head
developers because you can have head
developers that haven't coded in 5 years
and they run the team I was like no no
no I need dudes
that [ __ ] put funny colored glasses
on and don't go outside for 4 days. So,
we went and got like neck beards, you
know what I mean? Like full-blown neck
beard dudes who like haven't seen the
sun in a year. That's what I wanted. I
wanted so autistic they're almost
non-verbal, you know? And they're great
dudes. We got them like fantastic, you
know? Um, and so, but like I needed I
needed guys that are dev for super
large, very complex businesses, you know
what I mean? because like we're we're
we're we're getting that way. But also
like so they knew how to lead a
development team but they still had it.
Whereas like if you bring people in that
like I remember when I was uh
interviewing for CFOs, right? There was
one guy who was really good that
everyone was pushing me to hire that I
didn't because like the way he spoke I
could tell he was going to require a
full finance team, not someone who could
get in there and do it themselves as
well. And that's what we needed at that
time. You know what I mean? And so, you
know, there's just a difference. And
consultants who have never done are you
like MBAs, mate are [ __ ] useless.
Like they make good powerpoints and
that's it. Like an MBA is the most
useless hunk of junk [ __ ] thing you
can do, you know? I mean, like I've got
I know tons of people who work for
McKenzie and stuff like that and I hear
them talk about business and I'm like,
you're [ __ ] And there's a real like
I get asked to audit like quite quite
large companies like I've audited
multi-billion dollar companies like on
more than one occasion and I I this is
maybe six months ago. This is like a
multi-billion dollar company and I was
on they asked me to audit their
marketing just like they introduced me.
I was like yeah whatever. And so they
they had the whole marketing department.
And there's like 30 people and they said
what's your assessment and I said uh my
assessment is that this is beautifully
put together visually from a design
perspective and no one in this marketing
department has ever spent their own
money on marketing.
That is my assessment.
>> Yeah.
>> Because it is a giant leaky bucket of
chaos that looks beautiful and I was
like this is not going to work for these
reasons. Then I broke down the daughter
and I was like, "It's just it's like
beautiful and terrible, you know, and
they were like, "Oh, yeah, it's a good
assessment." And so I just taught them
like how to do it,
you know, like the not stupid way. They
just don't think of friction points and
all that kind of stuff. Like they don't
think that way because marketing is
they're not taught that. They're taught
like other things. And so, but you need
all of it, you know? Um, and when you
spend your own money on marketing and
you when you do that kind of stuff, like
you you learn a different skill set, you
know, and like you you learn how to like
turn someone into a buyer and then sell
that person. Um, I'd be interested your
thoughts though, like what what do you
think's more important to have, right?
Marketing or sales?
>> As sad as it sounds for me to say, I
think marketing. I think great marketing
can make people look great.
>> But I think if you're a good
salesperson, you can make [ __ ] marketing
look great. You know what I mean? But I
think generally marketing is better.
Like even with you and I at seventh when
you were managing me, like I was a
pretty easy rep generally because I was
good at sales. But like for the common
rep, you got to have good marketing.
>> Facts.
>> Yeah. I think on top of that, it's like
with with what you said is if if you're
a good sales rep, you can make shitty
marketing great. Yeah.
>> But if the marketing isn't positioning
the product in a way and like setting
the right expectations, then they're
going to get in the program and they're
going to be pissed off at what they But
not only that, but you lose good talent.
Like good sales people leave offers that
don't have better marketing. I mean,
that's why all the OGs had left the last
company. It's because like the marketing
didn't get better. If anything, it got
harder. And then it was like, "Fuck it.
I can go sell somewhere else and make
20, 30 grand a month, the same amount."
So, it's like marketing is far more
important than sales. But sales, if you
can really build a good sales team,
you'll be able to figure [ __ ] out fairly
quick.
>> Feel like it's harder to build a good
sales team, like an amazing sales team
than it is to build. Oh yeah, marketing
is way easier than I'd say sales. But if
you can get the right sales team and you
have good organic, good paid, you'll be
fine because even like even Matt in any
of the companies at Sniper or anything
like that, it's like we were just good
at sales. You just figure [ __ ] out and
then we had more money so we could spend
more money like but it was relatively
easy because we were really good at
sales. Yeah. Like really good at
outbound, inbound, referral.
>> Sales Sniper was like a congregation of
unicorns though, you know? So like it
was an odd time and an odd place and
difficult to replicate and sort of I
think gave people a lot a lot of like
false false false sense of adequacy of
their marketing. Um you know what I mean
because like a great rep can outdo
marketing for sure but it's very hard to
find a team of those people. Do you know
what I mean? I would also say that like
uh I think marketing is more important
um than than sales. Like I'd much rather
have rockstar marketing than rockstar
sales, right? Because I'd also I'd
prefer to have mediocre sales and and
and good marketing because like I don't
want to have to deal with unicorns, you
know, if like if you have to unicorn
farm, [ __ ] mate, difficult job. And like
they just come and go as they please
because when you're the unicorn, you're
the it's a very different vibe because
you are the asset.
Like I don't need you, [ __ ]
Like like I'll go somewhere else.
>> When you say unicorn, what do you mean
by that?
Just a really just a rep that can turn
[ __ ] into money,
right? Like you give me anything, man.
I'm [ __ ] crushing it.
I've been on so many offers that are
[ __ ] and like the marketing was
terrible. Just a straight lead magnet
with a Filipino outbound team and I
crushed it. You know what I mean? Made
all my own sales processes, did
everything. Like just figured it out.
Killed it. Soon as I left, boom,
business bankrupt because no one else
could replicate what I was doing. And
they optimized all their marketing for
me. like you can't do that. You know
what I mean? It's like a unicorn. And
so, um, like it's a it's it's like you
you want to be able to have a business
that's good enough to not require
amazing reps,
you know? Like it just you you shouldn't
need amazing reps. If you need amazing
reps, your business sucks. Like,
straight up, you know? And it's funny.
If you sell something that's really
good, [ __ ] me, it's easy. Like, mate, it
is so easy. Like selling dollar is the
easiest thing on the planet. Like you
listen to my sales calls just like,
"Hey, your dollar sucks." "Yeah, you
want to know why?" "Yep, sweet. All
right. Well, this is what we do. What do
you want to do?" That's it, bro. That's
it. There's no I want to think about it.
I go, "All right, go think about it. I
don't give a fuck." They go, "What?" And
I go, "Are you going to think about
having low pickup rates? Do what you
want, baby. I don't give a shit." Like,
that's the whole sale. And they just go,
"Okay." And I send a proposal and they
sign it. It's the There's no objections.
There's no nothing, no frames, no [ __ ]
no nothing.
It's the easiest thing in the world
because like it's just a product that
works and it's easy to sell because the
value proposition is clear and the hole
in the market is clear. In the same way
where I'm selling like you guys are
selling an audit for 97 bucks, right?
And what do they get in that audit? In
the audit, it's pretty much just a full
breakdown of everything, their data,
what they're doing organic-wise, their
ad spend, what they're doing with their
sales team, the data, like it's a full
audit where we can sort of figure out
what do they need to focus on and like
what are the one or two things if they
focus on for the next 3 months they
could increase rev by 50%, by 40%, by
80%. It's just simple [ __ ] of like
looking at the business,
>> finding all the leaks.
>> Yeah, finding all the leaks, but it's
like not looking at the business like
it's a business, but it's an investment.
And if this business is an investment,
then how do I treat it like such and
then fix the [ __ ] I know needs to be
better? And then it's knowing what to
fix. If I fix something and it gets me a
5% uplift but a 20% decline vs. I fix a
problem that gets me a 20% uplift till
5% decline. I know what I'm picking. But
nobody wants to fix that [ __ ]
>> And it's 97 bucks.
>> 97 bucks.
>> Yeah. You're [ __ ] if you don't do
it.
Like it's just it's like it's you're
you're a [ __ ] Like what if you what
if you got one extra sale unless you
sell something for a dollar like you're
probably worth it. You know what I mean?
Like so like it's one of those things
that's a great offer. You like [ __ ]
You don't need to try to sell that. You
just [ __ ] go. You want to do it? They
go, "Yeah, all right." Or they go, "No."
And you go, "Why? That's weird." Like
what are you doing? You want to go think
about it? You think $97, bro? Are you
okay? You want me to Venmo you? Are you
all right? Like [ __ ] you. Right. So,
like it's easy to sell. We'll put all
the links down in the description, all
that kind of stuff so you guys can kind
of get a hold of these guys if you want
to want to help them out. Um, you know,
definitely ask for a discount because
it'd be funny. Um, you know, give an
objection. It's always it's always good
for Yash to have to have to try.
>> Yeah, a little bit, right? It helps. It
helps,
>> right? Um, but yeah. Uh, any final
words, boys, before we kick it off? I
>> think that's good.
>> How big is it? Ask your
