In this video, I'm going to give you
five brutally honest sales lessons that
I wish that I had been told when I first
started. I've been a sales rep for
almost 15 years now. And if I'd have
learned these, I'd be a heck of a lot
further than what I am now. And these
are extremely simple, tangible, and
things that you can do every single day
that make you a significantly better
sales rep, will make you more money, and
overall make you more successful person.
All right, the first thing that I wish
that I knew is that uh outbound is easy
uh and everyone should do it. So, what
do I mean by that? Everyone thinks that
outbound is hard for some reason and
they think that you know inbound leads
are easier but they have to ask you to
get a phone number, right? So like they
have to submit that and um there is a
bit of a fallacy that you can't sell
expensive things off outbound. Um and I
just know that that's not true. I'll
give you a real-time example. Um I was
asked to come in and run Russell
Brunson's an elephant of his coaching
and it was a $25,000 program. I was told
you had to go through this really
convoluted series of steps and in the
first week I just decided to get on the
phones for a couple hours and I sold
seven $30,000 packages via outbound just
by farming the CRM and calling random
people. Um, it can definitely be done.
It's not wizardry. It's just that people
think that you need to be in front of a
computer on Zoom in order to sell
something expensive, but that's just not
the case. It is obviously very product
and brand dependent. However, it is not
a rule that that is how you have to do
it. Okay. Um, outbound is something that
every single sales rep should know and
understand. It is an essential tool that
everyone should have because when all
else fails and all push comes to shove,
if inbound lead flow breaks for whatever
reason, you can always hit the CRM, do
some dials, and just get on with it. And
that way, you don't have to you don't
have a huge drop in income every single
time there is an issue. Now, the easy
thing is about outbound is that you just
have to sit there and dial. It's very,
very simple. It's not physically
demanding. It's not mentally demanding.
Um, and you don't have to pitch
everybody and you have an awful lot of
control over what you're doing. So, if
you're someone who is newer to sales or
even if you're an experienced
salesperson and you want a really really
high and detailed level of control over
what you do and you're actually um and
even better if you're good, but you want
to get a lot of volume, then outbound is
the way to go. I'm at a business called
Committed Coaches um and if you're on
membership uh which you can join down
below, you get access to some recruiting
funnels. They have 11,000 buyer leads
per day. They have guys making $40,000 a
month just being pure outbound selling
anywhere from two to five or $6,000, you
know, coaching and supplement packages,
right? So, that is possible. And some of
these guys, they're doing it in 20 to 30
minutes. Um, uh, and they're new to
sales. And they're doing it because all
they're doing is sitting there and
they're getting an awful lot more
attempts than if they were waiting for
inbound. They had to deal with no shows.
So, outbound is an essential skill and
it's actually quite simple and easy just
to sit there and do it. Okay. Skill
number two is asking for referrals.
Okay. The more referrals you ask for,
the better. Okay. Um there there's a
large study done. I can't remember who
and by where. It basically stated that
the main difference between top reps was
asking for referrals. It is a good habit
to get into asking into referrals
anywhere in any situation whether you
sell them or not. It's a fantastic habit
to get into and it's something that once
you're in it, it's incredibly easy. The
misnomer is that people think that like
if you ask for 10 referrals, you're
going to get three or four people say
yes. That's not how it works. You're
going to ask for a 100 referrals and
like two people will say yes. One of
them won't even give you one, but the
one that does will give you 50. So
people are either referers or they're
not generally speaking. And you have to
go through and ask enough people before
you find a super referer. I am a super
referer. You might be as well because
you're a salesperson, right? Um, and so
that person will just spru you to the
world. And I don't care if you're in
fitness, if you're in finance, if you're
in software, if you're in whatever it
is, if you're in insurance, you find one
or two people that are willing to just
absolutely spook your [ __ ] to the end of
the earth. And they will do it because
they like it. They don't even do it for
money a lot of the time. One of my last
things that I did when I was CEO of
Seventh Level is I decided to get on the
phones and show everybody what's up and
have a little competition. And I
absolutely destroyed everybody. And I
didn't even take any inbound leads. All
I did was farm the CRM. I sold a guy and
I said, "You look like a guy that likes
to make some money." And he was like,
"Hell yeah, I like to make some money."
I said, "Hey, man. Well, I'll give you a
percentage of my commission, right? Or
the commission that I would have gotten
if I was a sales rep." Um, and I said,
like, I think I was, you know, the
average rep is getting 10 15%. I think I
offered him 5%. But like, hey, he's
going to do all the work for me. I go
for everyone that you send me who's like
pre-sold, I'll give you 5%. He was like,
hell yes. So, he went through, he was at
a large uh IMO, right? um uh insurance
and he got 400 people on a Zoom call and
I made like a couple of hundred sales
from that. I just pitched them and they
bought and it was fantastic. And that
was just because I asked. I also uh sold
a guy uh then got to speak to his
manager and then got to speak to the
business owner and I sold them into
$150,000 B2B package and I did that
because I asked. That was it. It's
nothing special or crazy. All right? And
asking for referrals is an easy thing to
do that once you find those super
referrals, they will just keep sending
you people. And that is an easy thing
that you can do and it's a hard lesson
to learn because most people just do not
do it. The next one is don't spend tons
of money on sales training if you're not
working and already kind of like uh
doing all of the process things. Sales
training is great. Listen, I have one.
It's like I used to own Seventh Level. I
think NDP is fantastic. If you want to
go there and get some super nitty-gritty
stuff, fantastic. If you want some super
like a cheap just way to get some help,
then you can join my membership down
below. Okay. Um, but in general, sales
training is just something that's not
necessarily required if you're not doing
the things. So, if you're not working a
full day, if you're not doing for
referrals and follow-ups, if you don't
understand your script, if you haven't
memorized it, if you're not getting
yourself opportunities, then you know,
if you're on the if you're sitting there
and you're someone who doesn't make much
money because you're not very good at
sales and you're just like, "Okay, I can
either spend an hour doing outbound or I
can go to an hourong sales training."
You have zero chance of making a sale
doing the hourlong sales training. You
have a chance of making a sale and also
you get the opportunity to try and do
the thing, right? So, I'm not saying
never do sales training, but I'm saying
it should not be your primary focus. If
it takes you away from sales, then do
not do it. Okay? Okay? It is a silly
thing to do. What you want to do is you
want to put yourself in a situation
where it is an ancillary thing. I think
you would be shocked at the small amount
of sales training I've actually done.
It's no more than an hour or two a week
ever. It never has been. It never would
be, right? If anything, it was probably
more of like an hour a week. And then
from there, I would like do little
things and listen to my own calls, which
is like while I'm at the gym or
whatever. Okay? So, don't spend tons of
time on sales training unless everything
else is optimized. That is lesson number
three. Lesson number four is do high
volume. Okay? Embrace the suck. Embrace
the fact that you're not good at this
and that you're going to need to
counteract that with volume. If your
first sales gig is, you know, or if
you're new and you're in your early 20s
or whatever, and you're like, I'm going
to get onto a high ticket offer that
like I get I get two or three
opportunities to pitch every day or
maybe even two or three every week,
right? Um, and you think that you're
going to get better that way or you're
filtering out your leads and you're not
giving yourself an opportunity to get
better. I had a great chat today with a
girl from a she's the top performer at a
at a company that I that I help out and
she's really good and she was like
filtering a lot of the filtering leads
out and she doesn't do it maliciously
but she was like like what's the go with
that? Should I like the people who I
know aren't financially qualified. I
said listen if they're not financially
qualified and you're and you're busy
then like don't let them through because
like that's just taking spots away. But
if if you don't if if marketing is down
and and you have the time, that's way
better than any sales training you're
going to do because it's it's real life.
you get to learn and also you can take
away that emotional kind of reaction
that you get um when you don't sell
someone that you think that you should
because you know you probably aren't
going to be able to sell that person. So
now you get to practice certain tie
downs and you get to practice, right?
It's beautiful. It's practice. I've done
that my entire sales career and it meant
that I had uh you know thousands more
calls than everybody else in the same
period of time because I wasn't being a
little [ __ ] about it because it didn't
affect
>> my mindset. No, I don't. They just said
no to me. Oh, [ __ ] boohoo.
>> You little [ __ ] [ __ ] Like it
doesn't matter. Like they're not saying
no to you. They're just saying no to a
product. It's not that deep. Don't worry
about it. Right. So that like that's it.
Do high volume. Okay. And then the
better you get, the lower volume you can
take as long as you're making the money
that you want to make. Okay. And the
last one, okay? It's okay to suck. When
you are new at something, you suck at
it. It's fine. It's not a big deal. It's
if you keep sucking at it for a long
period of time that it's no bueno. maybe
it's not for you, right? But like don't
you don't walk into a gym, right? Whack
400 lb on a bench press having never
walked into a gym before and then go
this is I must have a bad mindset
because I can't [ __ ] rep this. It's
like no, you just haven't put the work
in. It's like you just there's no way
that you can do that. In the same way
that if you are an experienced lifter,
you don't get taught a brand new way
like some random way of bench pressing
like that and then go whack your [ __ ]
max on which is what a lot of you idiots
do when you learn a new sales trick and
you go I'm going to go do this in calls.
You don't even understand it, right?
Like practice things first, you idiots,
right? I love you all but you're so
stupid, right? So, you know, it's okay
to suck at things, especially if you're
new to it. And like, you just have to
understand that that's okay and do a
self assessment. Like, if I suck at
shooting, I'm not going to use a sniper
rifle. If I go into like Call of Duty
and play against some [ __ ]
12-year-old kids that are amazing and
I've never played the game before, I'm
not going sniper rifle, guys. I'm going
spray and prey, right? I'm putting RDR,
right? rounds down range and a lot of
them because like I got a better chance
of hitting someone if I'm just
than like pew pew. Sniper rifles are
precision weapons. There's no point
having one if you're not a precision
weapon person, right? Just shoot a
machine gun. All right, guys. So, long
story short, uh you probably suck. Try
to do it for a less amount of time. If
you do suck, do it do it at a high
volume so you get all the sucking out of
the way. Uh then from there, instead of
spending time on sales training, like
just embrace the suck, but while you're
at it, ask for referrals and do it over
appbound. All right, guys. I hope that
was helpful. Bye. Hey guys, what's up?
Matt here. And I've noticed that a lot
of you are not subscribed. So, what I
want you to do is like go over and hit
the little subscription, uh it really
helps the channel out. And if you like
the kind of content that I do and you're
like, "Hey, how can I get similar
content but pay for it?" Then I have a
membership. You can go over and join
that at any stage that you want. It's
like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month. And we do like live Q&As. We have
a coaching call nearly every single day.
And there's like well over hundred
videos and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So if you want to check that out,
go for it. Uh you know, and sign up
through YouTube, cancel anytime, all
that kind of good stuff.
