I've done over 50,000 sales calls. In
this video, I'm going to teach you the
main mistakes that I made that prevented
me from closing more deals, making more
money in commissions, and overall just
being less miserable when I wasn't good
at sales. Okay, I'm going to teach you
step by step the exact things that
screwed me up the most. So, make sure
you watch all the way through to the end
because the last one is the one that you
probably don't want to hear, but that
you have to hear. The first one is all
about the truth about objection
handling. Like, so many people think
that objection handling is this like
extraordinarily complex thing that
people have to like learn how to
ninjutsu their way around absolutely
everything. But the reality is that most
objections are not that. They're just a
concern. And they're not scared to spend
the money. We don't need to learn these
crazy reframes. We can. And there's a
time and a place for that. Okay? But you
don't have to. And the reality is that
most of them are just money concerns. If
they need time, it's because they need
time to get the money. If they want to
go talk to their partner, it's because
they need to talk to their partner about
what? Spending the money. If they want
to go away and think about it, okay,
then what do they want to do? They want
to think about spending the money. Okay?
Okay, if you are a channel member, which
you can do by joining the channel, then
you actually get access to a full 8week
objection handling course where we go
really deep on this. But the essential
is that most things are money concerns.
So if you're going to put time, effort,
energy, and focus into something, then
do it on the money objection. Okay, it
starts off with money aside, do you feel
this could be the answer for you? Okay,
that's very specific wording. Okay,
that's a great way to start. There's a
lot of videos on here in the channel.
We'll link a video up here wherever it
goes on me going through that. But most
things are just money concerns. The fear
objections, a lot of them are just
coping mechanisms for sales reps to give
themselves a reason as to why the person
had a bad mindset when in reality they
probably just didn't espouse a very good
value proposition. Nor do they actually
handle the actual concern which was the
money.
>> Sorry, I'm sweating. I'm Maui. Okay.
>> So, you know, my life is dope and I do
dope [ __ ] Kanye. Okay. All right. So,
that that's the truth about objections.
Just learn money, the rest will come.
Learn how to handle it masterfully and
most of your objections, most of the
logistical objections will just handle
themselves. You don't have to put too
much time into it. In the hierarchy of
all things to learn, objections are not
at the top. Okay. Uh this next thing is
at the top. Okay. The number two thing
is that you sound weird and that's why
they don't buy. Okay. A lot of you sound
like you're in court when you sell. I
train a lot of sales people in a lot of
different industries and because I own
Dialer, which is a business where we,
you know, where people dial leads in our
software, I get to hear an awful lot of
sales calls and an awful lot of set
calls. And most of you sound like you're
at court being like,
>> "Well, your honor, see what had happened
was, respectfully, of course, you see,
um, there was a prodigious amount of
velocity in my car, and that is why I
failed to acquies at the cease to move
sign." It's like, "Oh, so you didn't
stop at a stop sign." It's like you you
say ridiculous things and you sound odd
and you don't sound like yourself. And
that's why people don't buy from you.
You just sound [ __ ] weird. Okay? So
listen back to your sales calls and go,
"Do I sound like me? Am I trying to be
someone else? Am I trying to be Matt
Ryder? Am I trying to be Jeremy Bel
Jeremy Miner? Am I trying to be Jordan
Belffort? Am I trying to be Grant
Cardone? If you are, don't be don't be
me." Okay.
>> You couldn't handle it. No, I'm just
kidding. It's like just be yourself,
okay? And because otherwise it's going
to be an exhausting experience for you
and an exhausting experience for the
prospect and then you're acting and
acting is really difficult. Okay? So
just try not to sound weird. I know it's
like weird advice, but your tonality is
just off. You have to sound natural.
Okay? I'll give you a couple of
examples. If I'm doing outbound and I
go, "Hi, this is Matt just from XYZ
company. Looks like you wanted some help
with X." Okay, that's like that's okay.
It's like, "Hey, this is just Matt from
XYZ company. Looks like you were looking
for help with X. Is that right? Okay,
that sounds really nice. The person
wants to talk to me. Why? Because like I
don't sound like I'm [ __ ] miserable.
You don't have to be this like leaned
out neutral drone that's always trying
to like have some sort of
>> [ __ ] status frame.
>> It's just you don't have to, guys. Just
sound like a normal human being and that
will get most of you from being not
terrible or from being terrible to not
terrible. And if you if you're a top 5%
rep, you're doing very very well. So
just like tonality trumps words, right?
Every single time. Number three, reps
burn out. There is a psychological
element to sales. But the one thing that
I want you to figure out is that sales
at the beginning is a lot harder than
when you've been in it for a long time.
Now, that may sound like stupid and it's
pretty obvious, but what you have to
realize is that when you're new in
sales, there's a tremendous amount of
brain power that's being used because
you're trying to put together puzzles in
real time. Not only your puzzle, but
their puzzle. And so, you're you're
playing like 4D underwater wizards
chess. And people will stack themselves
back to back to back to back to back all
day. And I'm listen, I'm all for it.
But, you know, I've done analysis on
people. They're like doing 10 calls back
to back every day and they never closed
any of the last four. That's because
your brain is goo.
>> Okay, your brain is goo.
>> And so you you need to have an
understanding as to where you're at and
put some controls in place because like
you your chances are you don't have the
workload capacity. You're you're trying
to be like a triathlete, right? I can do
sales all day every day because it's not
mentally demanding or taxing for me
anyway because I've done it for so long
now. But I'm 41 years old and I was
broke until I was 34, 35, I don't know,
right? uh whenever my whenever like yeah
yeah yeah probably like 34 35 and I was
in sales for a long time and it took me
like 8 years for it to click. So like
you have to give yourself a break like
you're supposed to suck. It's the whole
point whenever you do anything new you
suck. That's why they have a belt system
in martial arts otherwise you're going
to go in there and you're going to get
tapped by everybody instantaneously
every time and then nobody ever gets a
chance to get good. So like understand
that that's okay and then lay out the
expectations versus the reality and
understand that like if you are just
super thirsty for it, it's going to come
through. Desperation kills deals. Just
think of it this way and this is how
this really really helped me when I
figured this out. A the outcome of a
call has no reflection on the quality of
that call. So what does that mean? That
means that I I should be able to show
you a sales call that didn't close and
it is an accurate representation of me
as a salesperson in the same way where
if one did because if you do everything
perfectly, let's just say you could
close at 70% if every single call was
absolutely perfect. That means that you
can do it perfectly and lose 30% of the
time. So it's not about the outcome,
it's about the process. So get obsessed
with the process and you will do a lot
better and then you will realize that
like you won't have down periods and
like mental things to overcome when
someone says no or a series of people
say no because like it's just
inevitable, right? And as long as you're
doing the process, then you're doing the
right thing. All right, so number four,
the pipeline. Uh I've done like 50,000
sales calls, right? And it's because I
did outbound full-time for eight years.
So like you get to do a lot of actual
sales calls, okay? And the the nos
become yeses over time. So, do you do
follow-up? Do you do referrals? One of
the easiest ways to be a long-term
successful sales rep is just to keep
working the leads that you have and that
you've already spoken to. It's easier to
get someone to buy who is already been
spoken to than what it is to get someone
to buy who's never been spoken to. It
just is. So, are you asking for
referrals? Are you doing follow-up? Work
your pipeline is a much easier way of
doing it. work other people's pipeline
because they're probably not right.
Which then goes well into my last point,
which is sales is a long game. Most
people are tourists. They're in it for 2
years and that's it. It's because it's
performance-based. It's like a
professional sport. Okay? It's the It's
the sport of money. It's the sport of
business. I sucked for 5 years before I
stopped being terrible. So, I made up
for my suckiness with volume. Sales
mastery is a marathon, not a sprint. You
are not going to get good in a year. You
might be able to learn some flashy
things that you can do on Instagram,
right? And then pretend to be a sales
coach after a year, but you are not good
at sales because sales is more than just
the things that you say. Sales is like
the ability to make and close deals.
Now, you have to be able to make deals
and close deals. Okay? But, you know,
you have to prepare and it's a
professionalism game, but it takes a
long time to be good at just like
anything does. So, if you've been in
sales for a year or two years and you're
like, man, I'm like doing okay, but I'm
not where I should be. You probably are
where you should be. You're just not
where you want to be. And that's a big
difference. But like, every single
silver medalist wanted to be on the
gold. It doesn't mean that they deserve
to be there. All right guys, that's
50,000 sales goals compressed into five
lessons. If you guys want to learn more
lessons from me, then I have a
membership that you can join. Go down
below. There's a link. It's anywhere
between 50 and 200 bucks a month. Go for
it. Check it out. But hopefully you got
something out of this. And I'll see you
guys in the next one. Hey guys, what's
up? Matt here. And I've noticed that a
lot of you are not subscribed. So, what
I want you to do is like go over and hit
the little subscription. Uh, it really
helps the channel out. And if you like
the kind of content that I do and you're
like, "Hey, how can I get similar
content but pay for it?" Then I have a
membership. You can go over and join
that at any stage that you want. It's
like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month. And we do like live Q&As. We have
a coaching call nearly every single day.
And there's like well over 100 videos
and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So if you want to check that out,
go for it. uh you know, sign up through
YouTube, cancel any time, all that kind
of good
