video, I'm going to tell you about the
craziest coaching program that I've ever
put together. It's called thegurus.com.
Uh, don't go to the website. I only own
it. I haven't bothered to build it yet.
But, um, here it is. This is theing
craziest thing I've ever put together.
Uh, and it's rad and it's designed to
shake the industry up a little bit and,
uh, you can come in, take as much as you
want. Leave. I really don't care. So,
level one, $49 per month. This is at 500
members that it currently is at a,000.
then I'm going to make a $39 a month
because why not? Bigger it gets, the
cheaper it gets. 125 plus videos at the
moment broken down into eight modules.
Uh the basics, right? Setting yourself
up for success, grabbing low hanging
fruit, real in-depth sales training, uh
live call examples, sales management,
optimization, in-depth dives training,
stuff I've been doing for years, live
calls that you can model from, hundreds
of hours of sales training. you
literally get access to like a Google
Drive with like hundreds of hours of my
sales training. Uh then from there we
got a whole bunch of business content.
We have a full 8week objection handling
course which is just finishing up at the
moment but you get access to all of
that. Also have a full sixe course uh
which is like selling with stories and
then we also have a job board with solid
offers ways to get that. You also get
all the video recordings for all the
live coaching sessions cuz at level one
you pleb you do not get any [ __ ] live
sessions you cheap right? love you.
Anyway, okay, level two, you get
everything from level one plus 90
coaching sessions a month. Come to all
of them. Come to one of them. I don't
care. We have 16 different coaches and
that number is growing from marketing,
fitness, B2B, SMB, high ticket,
objection handling. Um, and I do a lot
of objection handling in this. I do a
lot of objection handling in this,
right? Um, not in this one, in this one.
Anyway, so objection handling experts,
uh sales management experts, we have uh
sales process life coaches, performance
coaches, sobriety coaches, top closers,
AI experts, real estate agent coaches.
Um and that's for 149 per month. Cancel
anytime when it gets to a,000 people.
[ __ ] it, we'll make it 139. What do you
reckon, lads? Okay. Or lady for Hi, Mom.
Okay. Level three includes all that plus
me twice a week. Okay, so I am the low
low cost of 50 bucks a month. You get me
too. Okay, at 149 per month once it gets
to a,000 it will make it 189. What do
you reckon? Okay, here are some of the
coaches. Me I make you feel dumb but
also better at the same time and do
magic roleplay can mix with mixed in
with conspiracy theories cuz tower 7
fell straight down and that's kind of
weird, right? Uh, Coach Josh, fitness
and nonI selling expert and savage
amazing closer. Will Henson, Willard
Hson, as he's known to his friends,
former CEO of Sales Sniper, overalling
legend human being, is going to be
coming and teaching on sales management
and process and selling to like high
authority B2B type sales. We have Ryan,
okay? He's going to be the unconscious
edge. Master your mind, unlock your
genius, become more successful. Coach
Jordan's Jordan Park sales systemization
mindset for sales coaches. He's like the
sales systems guy behind Tony Robbins
and a bunch of other people. We have
coach Alex which is like are you
struggling with addiction? Are you like
just being an overall bit of chitag? Are
you drinking too much, snorting too much
coke? You know, stop doing it. He'll
teach you how. Brody. Okay. If you're
fat, unhealthy, living on Zoom all day,
you probably are. If you're overall a
piece of Brody's going to fix that.
Coach Dylan, high performance self.
Yash. You all know Yash. Seventh level.
One of the longtime students of mine. uh
was the top rep by a country mile at
seventh level. We have Laura, okay,
who's a little female, tiny little
lesbian version of me. All right. Um
she's aing savage salesperson.
Excellent, excellent coach. And it's
going to be breaking down sales EQ.
Shurog, he was our top European sales
rep at seventh level. He's going through
specific performance breakthroughs.
Coach Jack, okay, he's going to be doing
sales process mastery. He's a super high
level fractional sales manager and he's
going to be ramp teaching how to ramp up
reps quick and get better at sales.
Coach Jeff, he is a French assasson,
okay? Speaks multiple languages. Um, but
also is just aing very good sales coach,
especially when it comes to outbound and
roleplay. We have coach Aaron doing
selfmastery and selling people who are
hard to sell. SMBs, contractors, agency
owners. We have coach Kimberly using AI
to the max. Coach Will, okay, how to uh
attract uh authentically your ideal
clients. Coach Shayen ICP specific sales
training. Coach Courtourtney. If you're
a real estate agent or someone who wants
to learn how to do warm market, this is
the place to be. Okay. Coaching times. I
do 5:00 p.m. EST, Tuesday, Thursday, but
that can change if I wanted to. Here's
an example. They're all over theing
shop. This is not all of them, but
they're all in times. There's tons of
them. If that's whating holds you back,
then you are weak. All right, guys. I
hope that was helpful. Come in, sign up.
All the billings through YouTube. Stay
for a month, stay forever. I don't care.
I'm just doing this because I can. And I
think it's going to be funny as to how
many coaching businesses this is going
to destroy.
Bye.
