All right, guys. So, this is uh Denny
Klein. He is the kind of head of sales
for the Elliot Group. And uh you know,
you guys have been a client for a long
time. Um you guys kind of actually took
the punt because we were like super
unestablished and I think it was just
like conversations between me and you
and you know, we kind of went back and
forth and you guys decided to come on
and uh Yeah. So, tell me about like
how's it been? You guys have been on
Dialer for be close to a year now, I
think, right?
>> Yeah, almost a year, man. I think it
started seeing you and Cole and just
like your reputation in the industry and
just like hearing some good things and
then the conversations I had with you
initially like we're just like legit and
like you could tell you knew your stuff
and I talked to a lot of dialers and a
lot of other places where it was just
like we need to get compliant. We need
to have stuff in place. I'm trying to
squeeze every lead and uh it was just
legit. So I didn't really care if it was
early. Um I I liked you as a founder so
that's why we decided to join
>> knowing that there was going to be
things that you were going to have to
tighten up. We were okay with that. Um,
but yeah, it's been great. Like, we had
jumped around from dialers, went
straight back to just calling at a goi
level. Um, trying a bunch of different
processes and moving things down the
pipeline. Sales reps inconsistent. Are
they calling? What do you you can't
really know like what's really getting
hit, you know, because go high level can
get funky. So, it's been great. the
connection rate uh I I can't even like
even put into words the connection rate
difference
>> especially from a single go high level
number um when we went back to high
level
>> so it's been great like I think like in
a summary just like being able to say
hey here's your system here's your leads
um these are the lead sources we're
going to train you on the script boom
boom boom and then you just press a
button you see the lead source you say
this and then you just keep rolling
through and they're able to pump out
good numbers with zero excuses of
getting distracted or anything else.
Honestly is the biggest thing with sales
teams. They just they get distracted and
or the software is really complicated to
use, but it just looks nice and some
companies don't think that matters. I
think it matters because sales people
are very like particular and emotional
and they want everything to be a certain
way and to me our team like just makes
it very nice to use because it's user
friendly.
>> Yeah. And like what like a lot of people
use it like you guys use it I think in
the best way which is like you're you're
sales guys do outbound right like
obviously there's setter models and
sales model stuff like that but like run
me through like how how are you guys
actually utilizing?
Yeah. So, we have all of our leads minus
maybe like some of our higher form fill,
straight survey or straight book to call
type of things on there. And uh it
allows us um whether it's from we don't
even really have any setters right now
other than like people that just
basically they'll set a deal for a
closer um if it's a higher deal. So,
across the board, everyone just jumps
in, they're dialing, getting their
leads, and if it's a higherend lead,
they'll do this discovery call. I mean,
it's a like they'll jump in and do a
discovery instead of instead set of an
appointment for a closer, just do a
little interview, boom, boom, boom, and
set up something for an actual high
ticket program, something 10 to 25K
plus. If it's not, they take it right to
a sales call and just try to go in one
call close right there for, you know, 3
to 5K or something like that. Yeah.
>> Uh it's allowed us to have a real good
process of knowing like we're getting
everyone on the phone because even when
you want to go and get um higher quality
leads um you still end up getting a
little bit of everything and then
there's the higher level people in the
low-level funnels. It just requires the
work just requires doing. So it's a lot
of have a just a really clean process.
So everyone dials everyone has open from
our virtual team to wherever. We have
guys that get in at 6:00 a.m. They have
their session times where they like to
do it first thing in the morning. We
have other guys that do a lot of their
follow-up. Some of our seasons guys,
they're doing their followup, their
previous day appointments um or same day
appointments first and then they're
doing dialer on some of those later
sessions, catching those people when
they get off work.
>> Yeah, it was funny because I I report we
talked about like just before this where
like the hours of the day that all you
guys are dialing and how are they doing?
I was like, I wonder if I I thought I'd
screwed up the time zones
>> because like 6:00 a.m. it starts dialing
like and the reason why they could do
that because you guys are in Phoenix and
so it automatically will dial the EST
leads because it doesn't dial out of
like the compliant times. But I was like
>> I was like [ __ ] I sent it to my
business I went to Declan and I was like
these dudes are getting after it.
>> Let me show you this. Our guys we get
after it bro this is why. You want to
know why they dial at 6? This is why
they dial at 6.
This is 3:30
>> in the gym, bro. They do that. So, they
want the they want the first fat bat,
you know, and it's like, man,
>> sales sales leaders and they beg their
guys to to be able to get hungry like
that, you know, and uh before we had a
system, they weren't doing that because
they they really didn't know like where
do I go? Like there wasn't because it's
like it's not like everyone's getting
dumped, you know, 20 leads. It's like
dude, you're hungry, go and kill. Other
than that, you're going to self gen or
follow up.
>> You know, we're not uh we're not doing
book to call paying 10% your traditional
high ticket. Like it's just a we're a
different kind of game. It's just
straight like outbound getting after it.
>> Yeah. And so that's kind of what I love
though because like you know we've had a
lot of businesses come through and you
know um you know one of the more
fascinating things is like we've had uh
a couple businesses leave because like
their team like didn't want to use it
because they just didn't dial very much.
You know what I mean? So like they
dialed for two to three hours a day but
they're getting paid for eight hours a
day. And because you can see how much
everyone dials, you know, like they kind
of like were like we're getting caught
out here. I've even caught setters on
two different accounts. They were on two
different dialer accounts. Like I I I
recognized the voice and I was like,
"Hang on a second." And the guy was
getting paid for two full-time jobs, you
know what I mean? And so I think one of
the beautiful things about what you guys
do is that it's just like the the
culture and from the top down is like
just go get it. You know, it's like
you're you're man, your own person. Just
get in there, start using the software.
And the way that we set it up, I think
it's a little different than most others
because like I especially for your
organization, I can see how before
because they just press go and then it
does all the sorting for them. Before
that though, they would have had tons of
lists and they would have had to like
make the choice.
>> Thinking you make a sales rep think
>> they're they're going to do nothing. I
mean,
>> yeah, they're not guys, you know, like
most people are just gonna like
>> the inaction of like what do I do? Do I
go here? Do I go here? Oh man, let me,
you know, let me jump on my phone. And
then now, next thing you know, they're
on Instagram when it's like, dude,
there's a timer right in front of their
face where they should be going to the
next call, doing the next thing.
>> Yeah.
>> You know?
>> Yeah.
>> Absolutely. Yeah. So, like in terms of
the compliance because I know that was
one of the big reasons why you came on,
>> right? Like
>> like what like what were your sort of
initial compliance concerns and and what
sort of causes you want to come with us?
>> Well, I mean, we've been doing this.
It's been six, seven years. I would say
really like at at a level where we
should be
>> I don't want to say worried about
compliance, but like when you got three
or four guys and like there's like
levels, right? Like we have a target on
our back. People don't like us, people
love us, hate us, whatever it is. Um,
we're on the other
>> and especially like we had our first
like big little wakeup call and God
thankful like it was just a little text,
little boom, little slap on the wrist
and we were like, "Okay, well we should
tighten everything up because like we
know like once one thing like comes in
like now we're kind of in this game and
we're not like we're not the 20 30 year
old uh industry guys that have all of
our stuff down and we're focused on
compliance and a compliance director and
all stuff like we're getting there, you
know, at the end of the day." And so the
cool thing was to be able to just say
like,
>> but you're also not 22 year olds that
are in Dubai
>> that are like
>> that are like yella.
>> Yeah. You know what I mean? Like there's
there's families there's like this is
it's a serious business like
>> Yeah. Well, people think like because
we're just a little wild. We wear tight
shirts and we're like, you know, Andy's
talking [ __ ] on social media that we're
just like over here like, you know, just
ripping people and it's like, dude, we
have our stuff together for the most
part. When I talk about I'm talking
about the next level of like 500 reps
and like getting ready for that area cuz
that you got 500, you know, now you're
worried about there's different levels
to this game. So for us, we were just
going like, hey, calling at the right
times, um, not having the spam numbers,
uh, making sure everything was on point,
making sure we had our data. Um, but for
us, it was just like we needed to lock
it down and be bulletproof. But even the
situation with you that was great that I
had recognized was the Texas situation
in Texas. And immediately like you
notified us before we had even found
out. Boom. Hey, I'm locking you locking
Texas out already for you. Boom. Boom.
Get this doc signed. Have the guys do
it. Now we have our HR. Boom. We're
waiting to get it signed. Get it set up
and get approved in Texas. And it's
like, dude, a simple thing of like a
week of not having that out and that
being in place with our team. I'm
looking at our stats now. It's over uh,
you know, you're looking at 1,500 to
2,000 calls a day on average.
>> I don't know what the math would be on
average for Texas, but Texas is pretty
big. Maybe it's 50 people a day. 50
whole week, you're looking at three or
400 calls.
>> One call. And it's like, what's more
expensive? You know, people talk about
getting the right software. I would
rather pay for the right stuff,
especially for those of you that are
looking to build a business. Like that
is that is solid. Um the most expensive
way to do it is the cheapest way
>> for it one way or another. Just take the
fee and divide it by 12 and that's what
you would have had to pay monthly
anyway.
>> You're gonna
>> Yeah, that's awesome, man. Yeah. So, you
know, and I think like, you know, one of
the big reasons why I wanted to build it
was just because like I ran a sales
organization, high volume coaching like
issues. I found it was like there's no
way that I could manage like compliance
like hey you know like for example like
in Utah on a voting day you can't call
right
>> oh yeah the holiday yeah holidays are
huge
>> like having locked out is great because
yeah if it's not locked out then people
will go in there and
>> it'll it'll bleed its way through
>> and it's like do you expect a rep to
really know
>> all the all the phone prefixes like
that's that's an unrealistic expectation
on anyone who's focused on that, there's
never going to be a A-level player
that's going to know or care about
compliance. Like they're focused on a
whole another world. If someone's
focused on compliance, they should be on
the back end.
>> Yeah. Ex. Exactly. Right. You know what
I mean? It's like like there's there's
people that there's people that do and
there's people that that kind of like
try and like enable the doing, but the
people who are doing if you're sitting
there thinking about all these things,
you just kind of like kind of paralyze
yourself. And so we just want to create
a system that was just simple and they
just hit go and it kind of does it. And
I love watching you guys dial and like
coming out there because like you guys
use the system in the way that it's
intended whether it's setting or closing
that doesn't matter but it's just like
everyone is kind of like excited to kind
of be on there and and sort of do the
thing because uh yeah man it's um it's
really fun to watch you guys. But I
don't want to take you up too much
longer but I really appreciate you
hopping on and kind of taking the time
and and taking us through how you guys
are using it and uh we love having you
guys as a client and uh yeah man thanks
very much. Yep. I've loved it, man. And
uh last last thing I'll say if we're
still going is um I remember when we me
and Ian, we we went to go and first
switch over and we got uh I think it was
two or three loginins. We left the
office so we couldn't be bothered. We
went over to the LA like a guest house
and it's nice. You just could see over
the mount. We opened it up. We got some
snacks and we're like, "All right, we're
down all day." You know, we're just
going to rip all day long. And literally
on the third call, we end up one call
closing a ticket for one of our events.
And I was like, "Oh, dude. This this
feels like day one again." Like, it's
simple. There's one way. Like, boom. And
then that's when we decided to implement
it. So, I think it's amazing, dude. If
anybody's like even considering it, like
feel free. You can shoot me a text um or
or a DM on Instagram. Just look up Danny
Klein. Like, we rock with them. We have
a pretty solid big team. We've been in
the space for a while. And uh you know,
we don't we don't need to get behind
anybody. We get behind Matt because and
Dialer because it's a legit system. So
appreciate
thanks very much
