follow-up sequence with them. Is there a
specific way that usually works better
than others or just kind of keep like if
they keep pushing back that um that date
of getting started or it's kind of just
like the urgency kind of is diminished?
Is there a good follow-up procedure or
what a rep should do at that position?
Is they just marked loss and we hit them
in a reactivation or do we keep still
having that follow-up um touch point
with them until they potentially make a
purchase and considering they are
qualified?
I mean, I guess the the question is like
if people are going to buy in the
somewhat distant future and like they're
like, I would like to maintain contact.
I think you should. If they don't, then
don't. Like, it shouldn't be a
subjective call. Like it it should be a
conversation with the prospect of like,
hey, would you like me to continue like
kind of, you know, following up with you
and and and sort of doing this because
you're interested and there's like
logistical barriers. I think what you
don't want to confuse is sales reps not
being able to close people and just
calling all the time with followup.
Follow-up is somebody with an interest
and a want to do it with a logistical
hurdle.
So like if they're like pretending like,
"Oh, the guy's [ __ ] they're in boss.
They're in they're [ __ ] you know what
I mean? They're just like chasing these
people." So, it's the difference between
challenging something like a challenging
objection that they potentially had on
that call versus like them not going
through that objection handling or them
not a be able to close them, but using
that kind of distant followup and yeah,
call me next week. Call me next week. I
don't have the money. I have whatever
blah blah blah and kind of keep pushing
through there. That's that's kind of
like something they probably did wrong
there. It's not like a logistical thing
where hey, call me in a week. I'm going
to get the cashier. Like I I don't agree
with your underlying premise because
then you're assuming that even if if you
do everything right, they'll want to buy
it.
The big one. That's a big one. Cuz it's
just not the case.
Yeah. You know, maybe she's just not
that into you, bro.
We can do everything perfect and they
don't buy.
So, so like in that standpoint, if I
don't mean to cut you off, but in that
standpoint, if they let's say you do do
everything and you do do everything, um,
and then let's say they don't buy, is
that still worth potential followup or
just to have them if they want it? Okay.
So, you know, like, um, listen, I've
been I've been married for 16 years, but
you know, uh, when I was chasing my
wife, like she wanted it, you know what
I mean? Um, that sounds a bit more
vulgar than what it was probably meant
to, but um, you know, like it it was a
it was the pursuit of someone who wanted
to be pursued. Mhm. If if if you're if
your sales guys are like if they're
defaulting to a follow-up to avoid
rejection, right? Like that's what you
need to figure out. or are they handling
objections well and then like creating a
a a a long-term pipeline of people who
are going to buy and are interested or
are they just incessantly calling people
who really have no interest? Like are
they, you know, at 2 am sending [ __ ]
you up type [ __ ] you know? It's like
Yeah. Okay. It's just inane dril at that
point. It's not anything of any level of
importance. That makes sense. And then
in B2B lead genen, if you're doing like
a, you know, a Facebook ad offer or
whatnot, um, because I know there's, you
know, the pain points of family and
time, for instance, and going deep into
that. Um, are those some things that are
kind of more appropriate on a B2B or
less appropriate to to kind of touch
into those points or it's kind of like
on a prospect to prospect basis based on
how sophisticated they are or what type
of I think it depends on on on if you're
realistically estab
or like contractors in a service-based
business. Yeah. like are they really are
they really B2B or is it more like
business to um you know business to sort
it's more of the it's more of the middle
ground right it's like you know um and I
think that B2B is when there are
multiple decision makers that's how I
like to describe it because like
everyone's a business you know get a DBA
in your business
B2B had this had this [ __ ] Etsy store
the other Hey, they do, you know, $4 a
week, you know, and it's like B2B. It
just sounds good to say. So, this gray
area, you can still go into it and it's
not like not appropriate or appropriate.
It's just kind again, it depends on the
avatar. like in in true B2B sales the
the problem awareness phase is far more
in depth
and there are more uh more stakeholders
like there are multiple stakeholders
that have to be introduced and there are
like multiple considerations so and and
money is not the biggest one
right so um because you know if if and
there there are budgets involved and you
know if you're dealing directly with an
owner term it's far more B TOC
right so like you just smash you know
sort of the answer to that one but then
do have more of a multi multistakeholder
B2B type thing you then send them into a
different process
I see okay so for most cases and that
answers the question about where that
kind of stands there yeah exactly all
right uh Pablo Oh,
hi Matt. Nice nice to meet you. I have a
question regarding what could you do if
you were to start all over again in your
sales career? I mean, which industry
could you pursue meaningful products,
insurance, and tech?
I don't think it makes a difference. Um
because when you're starting out like
you suck, right? So, it's like uh you
know, but like you're supposed to suck.
So, there's nothing like wrong with that
as long as you like counter it with
activity. You know, like if I'm not very
good at shooting and I'm in a war, I'd
like to machine gun.
Like, that makes sense. You know what I
mean? Yeah. The better you get, you
know, accuracy matters more. And so,
um, you know, and to be really accurate,
you can't use volume. Doesn't work.
Can't have any springs. [ __ ] with
things. So, you know, um I don't think
it matters. I think like something like
an insurance can work, but you have to
be careful and pick the right thing
because, you know, lead generation
becomes the biggest thing. I would say I
would want to do something that was
difficult and okay, well, there's a
caveat to this. Do I live at home and do
I need to make
money? That's that's one thing. If I
live at home and need to make money, uh,
if I live at home and don't need to make
money, I probably sell gym memberships
in person.
Okay, I walk the street and I try and
get people to come into a commercial
gym, right? So, I'm learning in person,
so I like in person, high volume, high
rejection
sales or go and sell [ __ ] the
paintball things. You know, you know
those guys, they're server, you know
what I mean? Or they're [ __ ] you
know, um like something that's very high
touch point, very high interaction,
right? Um and that's difficult because
and that has a process like people
companies that can teach you a very
dedicated process. Like fitness first
will teach you a very very specific
process that works. So you can't
complain about it not working because it
definitely works because there's 700
clubs and that's how they do sales,
right? So it's like you it's like it
works, right? Virgin is Virgin has a
good sales process. I I know that be
because they have so many [ __ ]
members, you know, like the proof is in
the pudding. So something like that is
really good. Um you know um I definitely
don't want to do anything that uh is not
high volume. Okay. I want to be as
packed as humanly possible, being able
to talk to as many people as I possibly
can at all times because you will
shortcut everything with volume. If
you're doing inbound book calls like
we're just talking before, if you do if
you speak to four people a day inbound
over the course of a year, you'll speak
to a thousand people, right? If if you
do outbound or something high touch, you
speak to 15 people a day, you'll do
4,000 over the year. So you will
outshine that person four to one. So
like the level of good that you'll be at
the end of that year will be four times
as much as that person who's doing
[ __ ] inbound.
Okay. Yeah, it makes sense. I mean just
a little background, I have been in
sales for two years, but I have been a
mediocre sales rep for two years. So a
little bit under one mil in cash
collected in the info products. And I
have seen that there is a lot of
uncertainty in the info product space.
So taking into consideration like having
a good career path, do you think for
example insurance is much safer has or
for example tech sales is listen
my like Steph Curry will
always put the ball in the hoop, right?
Yeah. So the key is like there is no
such thing like as uncertainty or any of
that if you're [ __ ] very good at what
you do, right? Yeah. It's a symptom of
and you know and then but it doesn't
mean that you can't be successful
because if you have a look at like
volatility is far more obvious in low
volume
environments, right? Like if you get 10
calls per week and one week you close at
40 and one week you close at
10, you know what I mean? It's like it's
not that huge. It's it it's a monster of
a difference, but it's like three
people. It's like three people. Like
[ __ ] You throw a rock hard enough, you
hit three people, you know? So, um it's
just not a lot of people. But it but if
you speak to you know a thousand
people 10 and 40% is that's a lot of
people. So statistically it's
significant. 10 and 40%. Like I speak to
business owners all the time and go oh
man [ __ ] last month my closures
closed at 50%. This month they're at 20.
They got mindset issues. It's like dude
but you had 50
calls. It's like you're you're talking
about they have a good day and you're
back to normal. Like what are we
discussing here? This is [ __ ] It's
like like you have to look at the math
and like percentages only matter with
volume. Percentages are irrelevant in
small doses. And so like you know you
have to have a look at like what you
want to do. And there's the and I think
like there's the art of making sales and
there's the art of being a good being
like gifted on the phone. I think a lot
of people spend a lot of time trying to
be better on the phones but they're not
good at anything else.
Whereas if you're good at everything
else, which is just much easier to be
better at, you wouldn't need to be as
gifted on the
phones. Like the reason why I became
like known for being good at sales like
was it wasn't because like I like I had
sold full-time for eight years, right,
before I any high ticket stuff. And so,
um, I had all of the skill sets of
referrals, follow-up, outbound, like
chasing people and like CRM hunting
because I was paying for my own leads,
right? Because I was the business owner.
And so, I was doing all of that. And
then when I transitioned into being a
sales rep, I just kept doing all of
that. And so, I outperformed everybody
25 to1 because they were just not doing
anything. And then I'd been a sales rep
for a long time, so I had a bit more
skill. And then when I got sales
training, it all kind of fell together
because I had that backlog of experience
where I could then go, "Oh, I've
experienced that 2,000 times." And I can
see if I made that tweak, it would do
this. Then I go, "Ah, well, that makes
sense." And then I could make small
tweaks that had huge outputs. But
because I had a backlog of tons and tons
of tons of conversations, like tens of
thousands of
conversations right now, you're like 14
years old, right? So you haven't had the
time to have them, you know? So like
that's that that's, you know, a
different story again. But I would say
put yourself in an environment where you
can like learn the skill sets of being a
good rep that and don't worry about
sales training too much. Okay? You know,
worry about like how like go in there
and like figure out how to make sales
because you can be terrible at sales and
make a ton.
The way that I sell dialer is [ __ ]
disgraceful. There is not an ounce of
anything salesy in the slightest. It's
just present and
chase. That's it. Anyone could do it.
They just don't chase as hard as
me. That's the difference. Like I just
relentlessly chase people because it's a
B2B sale. There's nothing I can do to
like make them buy on the day, right? So
I have a two cold process. I have to do
a proposal, but there's multiple
stakeholders in every single one. And
and so if I like I'm what am I going to
do? [ __ ] crunch them because they
have to talk to their tech team to make
sure that like some of the [ __ ]
integration environments are going to
make sense like stupid. So, it's just me
relentlessly chasing
people and I like that. I enjoy it. I
think it's fun. I I I like doing that,
you know, and I like hopping on my phone
and
[ __ ] like that. And like that's a
dopamine hit for me,
right? sending [ __ ] his own followed
procedure.
Been like, does this worth really work?
You know, yeah, thank you very much.
It's fun. [ __ ] chasing. It's hunting.
Hunting people. I like hunting.
Um, cool. Cool. All right, next
question. Hi,
Matt. Um, was just wondering, going back
to William's question, um, then I'll ask
mine. So, when do you actually burn the
lead? When if someone says they're not
interested, when do you kind of hang the
gloves up with the lead? Well, they're
not interested, but they don't want to
do it. Or if they just say they're not
interested and then they're like, "Oh,
I'm just about to duck into a meeting or
uh you just do you still follow up or if
they don't want to do it, I don't like
what?" You know what I mean? You know
what I mean? No, man. I'm not
interested. All right, dude. [ __ ] Like,
but I mean, I guess you could try and
turn that around, but like I I guess it
would depend on the situation that
you're in. Yeah. If if I'm [ __ ]
desperate for leads, [ __ ] it. Or if I
want to learn the skill set, [ __ ]
it. You know what I mean? But like, if
someone's like, "Oh, I do not want your
product or
service." Like, all right, you
that, you know, like it's not personal.
Nothing to be offended by. She's like,
"Oh, man. It's not for me. Thanks so
much." All right, cool, dude. Let me
know if you change your mind.
Help. You know, like not interested is a
very specific
like, you know, it's not an
objection. You know, it's
like, you know, it's like I have to
check out. Show her to [ __ ] off. It's
like, yeah, she wants it though. You
know what I mean? Like pro probably not.
I guess, you know, maybe you should just
let her be. It just feels like, you
know, we're we're just trying a bit too
hard. It's not because they have a bad
mindset. It's because like they just
don't want it. Yeah. You know, and Yeah.
I don't Yeah. Maybe other people think
differently. It just seems like a But
like if you're getting that a lot, like
if like for example, if you're
outbounding leads, right, and you're
getting that a
lot, then you'd be Are you in Henderson?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
the logo.
[ __ ]
I think I'll be in your office next
week. Um, nice. Um, so yeah. So, like if
you're getting that a lot, then you've
got to go why why am I getting that a
lot? And that's different. And that's
more like is my opener causing the
issue? So, you you've got to see if it's
like, is this a me thing that's causing
it? Like, am I outbounding people and
they're going, "Oh, dude, I'm just busy,
mate. I'm not really interested right
now. like like leave me alone. I would
say that's a you thing. Yeah. Right. But
if it's happening like one out of every
10 pickups or two out of like it's not
it's just more than they don't want it.
Yeah. I mean one out of 10 is you know
is still high when you consider the fact
that they're like opting in for
something. Okay. You know what I mean?
So again I would I would have a look at
the ratios of other people. If it's
teamwide I would say yeah it's just
normal. And then you just factor that
in. But if you're, you know, track it
and go, "Okay, cool." And then see if
it's like, man, like, is there a common
thread between the people that say that
and don't and is am I causing this in
some way or is there some commonality
that I can find that would allow me to
make an adjustment, you know, because
it's very rare that I get like I mean, I
can count on [ __ ] one hand the times
that people have settled an outbound.
I'm not interested. Like it's not
common, you know? So, I would look at
that. All right, cool. Thanks. And also
with um as far as like inbound leads
come and then uh right now I'm like
booking the appointments. How deep do
you get into the the problem the the
situation? Do you even go over
consequence when booking an appointment
or No, I mean not at all. That's a
business decision at the end of the day.
So I can't tell you what to do. Yeah.
Like I wouldn't do that because I like
Giani and they pay me money and I don't
want to [ __ ] with that. Right. Um you
know what I mean? So, but what I would
say is that you don't want to do the job
of a salesperson because you will [ __ ]
it up because like there's like it's
minimum effective dose. Like I mean I
have a look on dial and I see people
doing 45 minute set calls and it's like
how is it longer than seven minutes?
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You know, like what
what are we discussing? You know, so
it's like find a problem. Hey, I think
our problem matches I think our
solutions match your problem. If you
want I can book you with a call. you can
speak to the team and they can see if we
can help you out. Would that work?
Perfect. One of your free. Boom. Done.
Like it's five, seven minutes. If you're
going that deep, you're just going to
either like cause a no-show. The sales
rep has to double back, which is
annoying. So, it looks like you don't
have congruence and communication inside
your team, which makes you like less
professional. Uh you you get people like
desperately wanting to solve the problem
now. So like when they get off the
phone, they get targeted with the
competitor's ad and they buy
immediately, you know, like you're doing
the job of the competitor for you
because you're see.
Yeah. Do you go get much into the
desired outcome and and this not at all
really basic overview because basic over
because like what are we doing, you
know? Yeah. Like if the salesperson is
going to go through that and they're
going to need to do that to tie down the
urgency so they can actually get the
investment. You guys is [ __ ]
expensive like 40 GS or something. You
know what I mean? So like you know
they're going to need to go through that
on a call.
Yeah. Okay. Make sense? Thanks mate.
Yeah. All right. Next one is uh Nelson.
I'm drawing an order. Hey Matt, nice to
meet you. Um, so I run a mortgage
brokerage and there's so there's no
actual like transaction that happens
brokerage. A mortgage brokerage. A
mortgage. Sorry, I thought you said
launch. Okay, mortgage brokerage. Yep.
And um yeah, there's no like actual
close like where the transaction
happens. So like a lot of leads, they're
they're like super keen. They agree to
proceed like on the call cuz the pain's
so high. Um but then they ghost after
that. So, have you had like worked with
any like similar situations like this or
any like suggestions? Yeah. So, um we
always put in a close
like an authority to proceed. It's
exactly what we do.
Yeah. And and make it a big deal and
then people [ __ ] out because they get
people telling them no and they think
that that's a bad
thing. It's like those people were never
going to do it anyway, bro.
So you do a definitive hey this is the
documentation that we use which is a
confirmation that you are proceeding
with this process. It doesn't mean that
you'll be approved right you know what I
mean but we are you're confirming that
we're proceeding and that you're going
to go through and complete the
documentation required
and then that would because you need you
need you need something to give you a
concern or charge them 50 bucks.
Yeah true. Yeah, you have to create a
friction point and then not be a [ __ ]
and like allow the friction point to be
frictionfilled. Whereas what happens is
people put it in and they start getting
people like going like giving them
concerns which the point, right? No,
instead of getting yeses and then
ghosting, you know, um and then you have
to figure out how to get them to not say
no, right? But now you actually have the
opportunity to problem solve it. Whereas
you can't problem solve a process where
there is no sale. You go, "So, you want
to do it?" Yeah.
Hey guys, I got a [ __ ] 93% close
rate. I'm a [ __ ] savage. And then
like 2% of people end up
selling, you know? So, you've got to
make the friction point and be diligent
with it. Then problem solve off it,
making sure that friction point stays a
friction point.
Yeah, like we we've done like an
authority to proceed like before which
it does like help sort of get like push
them along but then still like some just
ghost still cuz there's no like
I will I mean obviously some people are
going to ghost but I guarantee you if
you listen to the wording people
minimize
it you maximize it.
This is a confirmation that you are
proceeding with the process and will
give us the appropriate docks so that we
can re, you know, so so so that we can
[ __ ] refinance your
mortgage. How do you want to proceed?
Yep. But they're going to go like, "Oh,
it's a documentation that allows us to
compile the documents for you and and
you know, it's just it just means that
like we're able to represent you and
it's like yada yada yada." and they just
act like [ __ ] about it because they
don't want to hear nos because like
their [ __ ] self-worth is tied to some
idiot they don't knows like uh [ __ ]
whether they say yes to a product that
they don't even own, you know? So, it's
like just like you have to then force
the invitation or just go, "Hey, in
order to move forward, we have a $47
charge."
Yeah.
Yeah. Cool. Thanks for that. Like that's
the only way to do it. Otherwise, like
you just end up in this nebulous zone of
like nobody ever like dude, I work with
a really big mortgage brokerage right
now. I I [ __ ] tripled
them, right? They're they're doing they
went from like 20 to 60 settlements a
month, right? And like I've had this
argument many times.
Yeah. Was there was there like one big
thing that sort of helped them scale? I
mean, I made them way better at sales.
That helped. I I redid their own sales
process and I redid all their weed all
their marketing.
Yeah. Who was that? What was that? Who
Who was that? Like the I don't know.
Another name. You got to go on Facebook
and have a look at the ads account. I
know exactly what you're doing,
[ __ ] I have a repro. I have a
rept. You think I'm letting you [ __ ]
take my ads, right? You give me a rept.
I'll do it for you, too. All right. Um
All right. GT10 was that? I'm serious
though, dude. Do it that way. It'll
work. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks for that.
GT10. Yeah. Hey, man. How's that? Is
there a non GT10 that you can get? Can
you get like an RS10?
Yeah, it it pronounce it's pronounced as
ton. So, but it's all good. You can call
me GT. So, uh, so I am the sales lead,
you know, for porn addiction recovery
coaching program. Yeah. So,
Huh? It's a good thing Mayahir is here.
Yeah. Yeah, I'll message her. Yeah.
Uh anyway, I think uh we I think we what
what is the most uh challenging How do
you advertise? Huh? How do you
advertise? Oh, yeah. So, we have uh
podcast, YouTube, lots of content, lots
of organic content, right? You can't say
porn, can you? We can say porn. We We
do. We do say porn. Yeah. So, I thought
I thought it censored the ads got
censored automatically. Yeah. Some of
them they're still the marketing team is
still fixing that honestly. So, yeah. Um
but anyway, I think the my question uh
on the sales team side while the
marketing is still fixing the targeting,
we do have a lot of unqualified leads,
right? You know, in terms of financial
um qualification, how much is it? uh is
uh on the lower end is 4500 for three
months uh 75 for 12 and then we have
like another program that is like with
oneonone with the you know with the
founder you know with the owner that's
95
and 25k
what interesting sales conversation that
must be 25k to stop jerking it guys yeah
yeah we do we do have that offer So um
we do we
do that's why I think how high is this
jerk and you're
girking tech is 40k so
a [ __ ] problem holy mackerel your
life must be in ruins if you're willing
to spend 40k that
for real though like that must be a real
no no yeah it is it's a very big problem
because some some people they get into
like, you know, other stuff, right? You
know, um like [ __ ] with people that
they're not really naturally interested
in. So, uh anyway,
um we have a very unique uh you know,
offer because of how unique it is and
niche it is and there's a lot of shame
involved in the conversation. And
because of that, a lot of our um leads
are
more like very avoidant, emotionally
avoidant. they don't want to talk about
it and they goes a lot. So, a lot of our
more qualified leads, yeah, we can get
them out. We have a challenge of like
getting them on. I think the only one
that we're testing right now is
personalized Loom video just to talk to
them. Um, and we're also having like
very inefficiency in terms of filtering
out in terms of organization of leads,
you know. Um on right now we have three
three closers, one sell by chat setter
and one outall setter.
Yeah. I mean like you're going to have
to be creative with how you approach
things. Um
like what I would do and try if I was in
charge of revenue there would would be
very different. Like it would depend
like I would
send
like the videos would the first two
seconds would be a porno, right? Like
you wouldn't see anything but it would
be that like that's what I would do and
it would be edited into be like if this
is what got your attention then you have
to come to the call, right? So like you
know like oh yeah you coming you know
like that kind of thing like but I would
do that very intentionally to show that
the only way to interrupt their pattern
is through porn and that's part of the
[ __ ] problem. And you've got to like
dshame it a lot. And you've got to be
like, "Dude, we know. We don't give a
fuck." The whole point is to show up
like, "We don't care." You know what I
mean? Like, if you're not showing up
because you're so [ __ ] ashamed and
then because you're ashamed, what are
you going to do? Go and [ __ ] hate
jerk. Like, this is ridiculous. You
know, like you you've got to find a way
to cut through to people. I've done like
uh programs for alcoholics before, you
know what I mean? And it's it's a very
similar thing. They don't want to talk
about it. But you've got to like call it
out very very clearly.
Like are did you not come because you're
drinking?
Are you drunk right now?
Right. Like what? Like what's happening
here? Because like shame is the second
most powerful emotion behind love. Yeah.
Right. Um it's the most driving force.
Love and shame are the two highest
driving forces that people can have. And
so, you know, but like shame is not
something you want to use as a motivator
to buy because it will instantly cause
regret, you know, um, but it is
something that you can use in order to
cause people to act in the short term. I
don't think it's necessarily a bad
thing, but also calling it for what it
is. So like you're going to have to do
lots of I think sort of quite verbose
problem solving with like outside of the
box kind of thinking and then be willing
to test it and have the mechanisms in
place to do that because there is a way
to solve it. It it's just like you know
you're going to have to try things. I
don't think sending personalized loom
videos will do anything. Um I think it
will have zero effect um as it always
does right. Um a lot of them they're not
open. If they're open, you know, then
it's good. You know, a couple of them,
but we don't have enough data to even
support that. So, yeah, you know, I
think
uh yeah, mate, go on to [ __ ] Cameo
and get a porn star to do the video.
That's not a joke. I would 100% try
that. Okay. Get [ __ ] Riley Reed to do
your show sequence.
That's sauce, right? Because like you're
you're leaning into the problem to find
the
solution, right? It's like, hey, front
of the bar for a drink. This is where
the intervention is happening.
Okay. So, when you say the two seconds
thing, right, where would you put that?
Is it in a show sequence essentially?
Um, yeah. Like I would have a show
sequence with cameo and I would get porn
stars to do it. Yeah. Like I I would I
would for sure do that because like
you're you're showing that this is so
important to you. This is the only way
we can communicate to get you to do
something. Okay. It makes sense.
Right. That's what I I would try [ __ ]
like that. Okay. We we we didn't try an
actual porn star. We did try like
someone, you know, um a woman, you know,
lady. I would do like a well-known porn
star.
Got it. Okay. like instantly
recognizable porn sucks with the
starting clip of porn hop bon
like as a as a patent interrupt would be
a massive pattern interrupt that
so I'm just thinking of ways to try and
like if the preschool are addicted to
that then you can use that addiction as
ways to get their attention and then
show that we had to use their addiction
to get their attention that's why they
knew the thing so you can layer in lots
of meaning behind it and then it
actually makes sense it's not just you
[ __ ] you know, being a dirt, you
know, that makes sense. That's that's
what comes up in my head. And then the
the conversations themselves, I think,
would be quite interesting because like
you've really got to establish the the
enormous impact it's having on
day-to-day life. Yeah. And like money,
time, energy, effort, you know, all that
kind of stuff. I think that you would
probably to be able to see it. But I
think like doing a screen share, looking
at people's [ __ ] like, "Show me your
browser history, [ __ ] Like,
let's do this." You know, I think that
would be a really effective tool. Um,
you know, again, use shame and be like,
"All right, you want to [ __ ] changes?
You want to make a change? Sweet. All
right, dude. Like, let's take your life
back." You know, and then it's
like, you know, you have to make them by
now. You have to. You have to absolutely
smash decimate. There is no follow-up.
So, pretty much just like one a drug
addict. Yeah. Well, you know what? Let
me just go think this
over, right? Addiction is addiction.
Like they can't they are chemically
wired to keep doing it. And you have to
have a like there has to be a you can't
go in think about it. It's not an
option. And you shouldn't allow it like
for their sake. You should be like,
"Man, I'm really sorry, but we don't
allow that." The reason being is because
it is antithetical to everything that we
are as a business is to allow you to
continue the behavior. And if you go
away and think about it, you're just
going to think about all the reasons why
you're justified in doing what you're
currently doing because that's what
you've been doing and what's you're
going to continue to do. So, we are here
to be your inflection point. You either
decide or you don't. I don't judge you
either way. But when you go to bed
tonight, you're either moving towards or
away. You got to choose.
Red pill, blue
pill because it's the only way you're
going to
talk. And it's true. They got to do it.
They got to figure it out. Yeah.
Sometimes you got to touch the iron and
know it's hot. You know what I mean?
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. And what what
are the good standards in terms of like
outbound setters in terms of dialing per
day? It's it's just it's impossible to
say. Um I would just use hours. What's a
good talk time for them? Or what do you
mean by hours? It's impossible to say
because there's too many variables
involved and like you're looking at KPIs
that can be tricked.
Talk time or just send blank voicemails
and play Xbox.
So when you say hours, what do you mean
by hours?
uh like you know the the short hand on
the clock, how many of those tick by,
right? Um where they're actually
working, right? Um that's the key,
right? In dialer they get tracked,
right? So like we have a log of
everything they've done for the day and
it's like they have to log in there
activities tracked
and so you can see how many hours a day
they work.
Okay. So, like setters work for two
hours. Like it's not super productive,
especially if they're getting paid a
base and they're expected to be working
eight. I have a theory that most setters
have two to three jobs.
Well, my setter um it's um she's getting
paid um hourly. So, yeah. But how do you
track our hours? stuff for um we we
track our hours um like with a screen
share, you know, like the those Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. So, like I I know she's
working, but I just want to make like
99% of businesses don't have that. Oh,
okay. I see. A really good one is time
camp. Time cam.
Four hours talk time. Oh, you can't use
talk
time again. I can fake it. Yeah. Yeah.
We just we just uh provide alawware for
her, you know, to call. So, she is she
okay? Huh? Is she okay? Yeah. I mean,
she when she's performing uh her mind is
good, you know, but right now she's
she's unfortunately going through some
personal stuff, so I'm trying to see if
I can get her back. I was I'd be going
through personal stuff as well. That's a
dog [ __ ] of a software.
Yeah,
it really is though. That's the worst
one. Yeah. Well, no, she she she lost
lost her mom recently,
so that's unfortunate. But again, it is
unfortunate. Yeah. Why Why you rubbing
her nose by making her use that piece of
[ __ ]
If I was on a call with my team, I would
have said something much worse, but you
know. Um, all right. Uh, next one. Seth
say
yes, I actually used to go by Seth in
English, so you nailed it. But yeah,
it's actually brown say. So um but yeah,
I I used to go with set. So I am a
setter. You were [ __ ] on setters
over there. So I think I do that because
you deserve Yeah. Uh yeah, but I have a
50% show rate right now as a setter.
What do you think it's a a good show
rate and then what would you recommend
to actually get it higher? Uh like again
it depends. Um yeah, but like in the 60s
I think is the sort of 65 is like the
minimum I would say for like scale. Um
I would have a look and I would have a
look at the easy ways to bring it up.
Like if you have a look at your show
rate per day per hour and then just find
the common thread between like certain
days and certain hours that are just not
worth setting people and then you just
block them off. Okay. And then probably
are there any that you've noticed? Well,
again, it's like you're one, am I
talking your time zone or their time
zone, right? So, you have to use your
time zone because that's the common
thread, right? You know what I mean?
That's the thing that you can measure
off. And then it's going to be offer
dependent. If I'm selling women into
fitness and I and I'm selling and I
booked them in at 3 p.m., what's the
chances of them picking up the goddamn
phone? It's school pickup time, right?
So now they will have every intention of
showing up and they will go, "Oh yeah,
that's dual playup time, but I'll get
mom to cover." Then they forget and then
they don't show and you call them a
[ __ ] right? When in reality never you
just never should have done that, right?
And so it's it's like look for patterns
and reasons of why you would not
um like make a change, right? and then
try and weave it through because like a
a lot of the times like it's just like
people are booking people in at like
ridiculous times, you know? Okay. Like 3
4:00 in the afternoon and you're dealing
with or like you know you're dealing
with teachers and you're booking them in
at two. It's like right yeah they're
going to come you know people don't
think about it though because they're
idiots.
Besides that though, I guess in the
process that's helpful and I I should
look into that because I never even
thought about to like tangibly analyze
and make one specific decision like
don't do what you're about to do.
Okay, you're looking for skill ways to
increase that you might be able to do
with process. So why would you make a
skill change if it's not required?
What if you have a 75% show rate with
the exact way that you're doing it, but
you're just booking people in at [ __ ]
times?
What if and then you go and make a
change based off but Matt said, right?
Yeah. And I told you to do something
stupid 50/50,
right? So now you never know what
happened. Or let's say that I tell you
to do a rockstar change,
right? and you make a change to the
booking, but you made the wrong one and
now you stay exactly where you are. What
Matt said didn't work and changing that
didn't work, so I'll never do them
again. But in reality, my change was
awesome and your change sucked,
right? Like how like how do you know,
right? One thing, one thing. You now
have one thing you can look at and
change and see if that makes a tangible
outcome. And if you're asking me to give
you two things, I answer I answer no.
Okay, it's good. Now, if I could ask
them a follow-up question, no regarding
the shows. Okay. Is what if I get shows
because last month I got for example 45
shows and I got five of them that
actually closed. Like as a setter, what
would you say like what's something that
I could change or like if if there is or
like what would you actually say there I
could change? Well, let's keep the
variables the same and just try and get
more of them to show.
Okay. Because that's more sales straight
away.
Yeah.
Right. Once you've figured out more
shows, then you can figure out better
shows. Now, if the sales guys you're
sending them to are dog [ __ ] is what it
is, bro.
Okay. So, more is
better first. You got to do more first
because the way to you can't control if
people close. You can only send people
who are more likely to close. Yeah. What
does that mean? That means higher levels
of filtering which means less.
Yeah. Okay. So, there are ramifications
to all of your decisions. So, if you
figure out how to do
more, then you can figure out how to
filter and you can go back. You can go
to 65, then go back to 45,
right? But 45 better ones,
right? And now more of them are showing
up because of the better show rate and
more of them are closing. Then you
figure out how to keep that quality and
increase the volume. If you try and do
everything at once, you will achieve
absolutely nothing.
This is why people do not get better.
They refuse to do it one at a time.
you know,
like, okay, if you try and do everything
at once, mate, you'll never learn a
thing. All right, thanks for that. I
applied that. So, with with that in
mind, just to piggyback off of that,
when it comes to the qualifications and
how much do you filtering? Is there like
a sweet spot that you've seen when it
comes to like a lower ticket type of
like $1,000 $1,500 offer if the setter
should be qualifying based on their, you
know, is it just like revenues and all
the qualifying things or is it actually
getting problems and going a little bit
deeper for the for the closer? Like
should they damn near be almost getting
the prospect maybe ready to potentially
buy or is it like, you know, just hey,
here are the qualifications and move
them over here. Like is where is that
middle ground sweet spot? And if it um
is there a sweet spot or is it just per
kind of industry per per type type of
offer that you have?
Depends.
Um depends is the answer. Uh it's an
opportunity to um quality and quantity.
Just keep testing until you find that
like good little sweet spot. Full at all
times. Sometimes they're full of [ __ ]
Sometimes they're full of gold.
but they should be full. I'd rather have
a 1% chance of closing somebody than a
100% chance of closing nobody.
So the answer is that's a variable
figure that changes day to day, week to
week, month to month based on the
opportunities available.
If you have high lead flow and 10 if you
have five reps and an insane lead flow,
they're going to be layouts because you
filter everybody out because of time.
Your your restriction is time. You only
have a certain amount of time on a
diary. You can't make more of that
unless you get more people, right? But
if let's just say the people are fixed,
you have a 100 sales slots a week,
right? If you have 10,000 people trying
to get the hundred, you filter them out
to 100 layouts. Does that make sense?
Does that make sales team good? No, it
doesn't. It makes them rich. It doesn't
make them good. If you have 100 slots
available and 100 people trying to get
those slots, you are booking 100% of all
available leads in your close rate will
be dog
[ __ ] but you have
opportunity. So there is no sweet spot
because that answers my question
perfectly. That's that gives me good
Yeah, your lead flow will will move and
shift, but also your sales team will
move and shift based on availability,
based on people, based off new people,
based off people leaving. You know what
I mean? So there there's a there's a
constant and ever never finishing like
the your application form is never done
because the question should change based
off how many people you want to flow
through. Your setters should let a
certain amount of people through. But
like if you have a rule of like you let
50% of people through no matter what,
but you have 10,000 people vying for a
100 spots, that doesn't make any sense.
And then but if you have 100 people for
100 spots you half through you're
[ __ ] yourself as well. So like that's
where sales management is like well like
where are we at? Are we full or are we
not? And like what are the levers that
we pull and change in order to maximize
availability and opportunity while still
maximizing quality. That doesn't mean
your quality is always good but it means
you're maximizing it. And your sales
should understand this and you should be
talking to them about it because like if
you're going to flood them with [ __ ]
you should tell them because then they
won't pretend like they're in a mindset
[ __ ] I'm sad. That's why I'm not
closing, right? Bro, I can be hung over
and [ __ ] like my [ __ ] best friend
just died. I'll still close the deal
just fine. Like it it's it like it's
ridiculous. It's just a [ __ ] job,
right? You know, and so like it's just
it is what it is. But people get into
slumps, right? Because they're looking
at things on very short time horizons
and not understanding environmental
factors. Okay? If your no-show is 80% on
the [ __ ] four on the 1st to the 8th
of July in the US and you make a change,
you're a
[ __ ] because it's July 4th, you
idiot. Everyone's on vacation. What are
you doing? Who cares? Like, just take
the week off, right? If it's coming up
to a presidential election and your ad
cost skyrockets and you shoot new
creative to fix it, you're an
idiot. Camala Harris just spent hundred
billion dollars on ads. You think you
can compete? Like you know, you don't
like it's an environmental like
inevitability and that outcome is so
obvious.
So it's like making changes to fix that
is
ridiculous, you know, because it's going
to normalize
Thank you so much for that. That
actually helps like a lot more process
oriented and then kind of like thinking
internally.
Yeah, I got four
minutes. Uh Mahir, if you're selling
cyber, right, and if the problem you get
is just monotonous, repetitive, would
you funnel that into money? cuz it's
very easy to build a gap with it's just
a word that you what do you what do you
mean if you're like if you're selling
people like career changers like into
that and if the problem you get is just
you know monotonous it's repetitive
would you take that or would you use two
truths and try and get them into money?
Oh okay I see what you're asking. Uh
yeah, cuz like with that, if I don't do
that, it's even the ideal gap questions,
it's very hard to put something tangible
in place cuz it there's no numbers
attached to it.
Yeah. Yeah, I suppose. Unless they're
going to [ __ ] kill themselves because
of it, right? So, I guess I would just
probably extrapolate on what does that
mean? And like you know like okay well
yeah I guess two truth is probably the
best way to headle that but it sounds
like that's like annoying but is that
really enough to sort of change like
what would you change besides the fact
that it's monotonous because every job
becomes that right even if you're you
know [ __ ] supermodels like at some
stage it becomes monotonous right that
many times and so
like that's an inevitability
but what would you change about that
about your job if you could besides that
and I think that
You don't have to funnel into money
though. I think funnel into money is
like that's a bit of a trap because then
you're they might not be focused on
that. So let them tell you what they're
focused on. Don't go like, "Okay, what
about the money though?" You know what I
mean? If you're getting nothing out of
them, then you can funnel them into that
to try and shortcut the process. But
you're better off allowing them to tell
you their true problems and then
extrapolating off that instead of
funning them into the problem that you
want them to have. Yeah. Yeah. Because
then I'm assuming everyone has a money
issue. Yeah. Yeah. That's just because
you're Indian, you know.
Me and my hair go way back, guys. It's
okay. Yeah. I'm going to disappoint you
next week. You do. You do every week,
man. It's
okay. Disappointment from the moment I
met you. Uh, all right. Uh, last one is
BJ because I got to go. We already We're
in 15 minutes over, just so you know.
Yeah, thanks for that, Matt. Um, good to
see you keeping the stereotypes. Uh, so
basically what are your thoughts on AI
call uh dialer people? Like have you
heard of assistable or are you familiar
with call affluent?
I mean, I've like I haven't heard of
those ones in particular, but like my
thoughts are, you know, those sort of be
fairly heavily regulated, you know, um
you would never consider bringing them
into dialer like even if you had like a
bunch of people training them up and
doing prompt engineering and making
agentic processes. I mean, you're like
the compliance. It's not that I wouldn't
our system in particular is very very
compliant driven and it's also got
hardware checks like for which is the
thing and like spoofing hardware is very
difficult right so um it wouldn't work
we have the ability to create them
internally but bringing external ones in
they'd have to have access to too much
of the architecture so it wouldn't make
any sense um but um they're also not
hard to build I could build one in a
week like they're very simple like
they're just an LLM that's [ __ ]
answering questions. I mean, some of
them are are really good. It doesn't
mean they're not good, but from a
compliance and regulatory standpoint,
they will not last long. And I think it
will not replace sales. It will replace
CS. It will replace like so inbound IVR
and CS will be like very very effective,
I think, for that because AI has been
doing CS for a while now. But in terms
of like sales, like grandma gets
scammed, it gets
banned, right? So, and it's it's already
like it's considered a robo doll. So no
one that I've seen has the ability to
effectively call and also like you can't
like power dialing and auto dialing is
very tricky and especially multi-line
dialing like you look at what happened
to air AI I mean [ __ ] me mate like they
are going to get slapped
how how many lawsuits do you think error
AI cuz like I know about them and
mastermind they're under the water you
know what I mean um yeah in hot water at
the moment. Air AI FDC is cracking
down. So you don't think like they will
pass like
TCPA or GDPR whatever the regulatory
issues and things like that. It has to
be a human initiated dial. The moment
the human is not initiating the dial,
it's it's automatically in a level of
legislation where it's very difficult to
pull off.
All right, I got to go there, guys.
Peace. All right, man. Appreciate you so
much.
Yo, do you guys know if he has a chat or
anything? Do you guys have any chat for
the program or anything? Or is it
literally just calls?
Chat? Like a chat feature? Like this
like a group thing where there's like
other people. I mean, we need it. This
would be a sick community, man. That's
what I'm saying. I've been in this for
like over now a month. I just bought it
just to see the course and I didn't even
realize there's these calls. I just
randomly like, "What the [ __ ] is this?"
Came on. I'm like, "Oh, oh, oh, that's
cool." That's a good idea, Pablo. Pablo,
create a We'll create a group chat and
then we won't invite Matt and we'll make
him so jealous.
Can someone answer?
What's good, Dan?
I How did you get notification of this
event? Because I literally accidentally
stumbled on I know, but I I got an email
like as it was starting. I didn't get
any sort of advanced notice and just
happened to catch it. You got to kind of
go through the YouTube. Um I'm through
like when you go to the notion and you
go to that type of stuff, he puts like
membership posts out on the YouTube. If
you go to the subscription you have um
you'll be able to see all that stuff.
Okay, I'll look again. I didn't It's
really diff It's really It's honestly
really shitty [ __ ] There's not even a
word for that. It's just ran pretty
[ __ ] Um but there's a lot of value in
here. It's just run really bad. I think
the way that it was done and whatever is
just like whatever. But um yeah, it it's
great value. It's [ __ ] amazing value
for the price. It's like I I've gone
through so much consulting and paid so
much [ __ ] money and just the level of
like you know information that you can
get here is just incredible. So I was
wondering
well I got to say lad ladies and
gentlemen I've known Matt since 2020. I
was one of the very first sales sniper
people and I've seen pretty much him
combined with Jeremy and take a six
figure business into multiple eight
figures and um what you're getting here
right now for the price is it's [ __ ]
ridiculous. It's I don't even know how
it's possible. I FaceTime my my partner
while I was on this call. I'm like look
at look I sent I showed him the video.
He's like dude this is ridiculous. I
didn't even know I know Matt and Matt's
doing this because he's bored. Like he's
generally I can see it. I can see it.
He's got a wife. He's got the white
picket fence with the the hot wife and
making all these millions of money and
now he's just like, "What the [ __ ] do I
do with my time now?" And he's like,
"Oh, why don't we just like see if I can
add some value to the marketplace and
then beat everyone else who's charging
more money than
him?" Like he gets a he gets kind of a
pleasure out of like undercutting
people. That's just It's nice cuz also
the level of people that are following
him are also like almost very qualified.
So, the level of people that you'll get
here is a lot better than other places
that you'll get, which is nice. Um, as
well, and obviously, you're learning
from literally a guy who would charge
five grand an hour to consult with him.
Like, not even a joke. Like, you're
literally have access to a guy who made
$100,000 in sales commissions and built
a multiple millions a month sales
consulting agency from nothing. So,
yeah, I know. Crazy. I when I first I
don't think people really understand the
gravity of Matt Ryder. I I really I'm
sold on him. I'm sold on the value. It's
just doesn't do me any good if I can't
find these things until 15 minutes
before they close. But I'm sold on the
value. You're absolutely right. It's a
steal. And the just go through the
notion, go through the web the the
YouTube uh updates that he does. Like
that's how I found this. I kind of just
like would casually go through it
sometimes um cuz I was waiting for
something like there was a couple of
them that he did beforehand that I think
I missed. But everyone everyone drop
their number in the the chat. I'll
create a group chat uh and I'll do Yeah,
please. So that's my that's my plus one
up there, the 9491. Uh anybody in
California, feel free to reach out.
Don't jump off just yet. If you want to
be a part of this group,
uh add me first. They got reservations
to make.
Yeah, hang on. Let me just copy paste it
and then that way everyone can jump off.
Um likewise, but if anybody is also in
the uh lead generation Facebook ad
agency type space, we are doing over um
around 100 grand a month um looking to
potentially, you know, run some ideas
between people and processes. We just
spent a [ __ ] ton on backend consultancy
to potentially sell the business soon.
So, same one's Joel Kaplan and all those
other people use. So, but anyways, if
anybody's in that niche or in that
general field, um, please feel free to
reach out. I'm I'm more than happy to go
through and see what we can come up with
together. It's the whole point of this.
So, so I've got Pablo's number,
Nelson's, William J, Chris
Wescott, Rachel, Dan, and that's it.
Anyone else? Feel free to drop your
number. Speak now or forever. Hold your
peace.
These calls are once a week or once a
month. Yeah. Once a month and you book
in through his calendarly and then it's
just first come first serve.
Interesting. Oh, it's first come first
serve. There's not like there's a cap on
people to join this or I don't think
there's a cap. Um but I pretty sure he
has one in like Australian time zone. Uh
It's like he sends it out and if you
come up you come if you don't like it's
not like there's one for each like it's
not accommodating in a sense. Um but
anyways okay you got mine one the 949
for William J. Yeah I just I just print
screened it and I'll I'll start adding
everyone now. Pleasure to meet
everybody. I'm excited to talk to you
guys. Dope. So have a great God bless
all of you guys. Take it easy. Take it
easy. Stay blessed guys. See you. Bless.
