I
should have
Hello. Hello. Hello. Going on everybody.
What's good?
How are the DS going?
Me? Yeah. Uh, I did 70 today. Not that
many. 70. I So, I pitched into coaching
as well. Oh my god, bro. 70. It was
vacation day or what?
Working part time. You can say that.
He's working doing a side gig over
there. Yeah. Jeff, how many did you do?
Is it a a gig economy?
Actually, where's the bus?
I mean, the queen's uh bro division 11
[ __ ] raining sales today.
Yeah, it was uh it was pretty packed,
bro. That's crazy. That's the only
division dialing, so it's pretty pretty
simple map. Office hours office hours is
where it's at. Straight up. Yeah. Who
would have thought working Who would
have thought working would have would
have led to more sales. It's absolutely
[ __ ] mind-blowing. Insane.
Yeah. They said it couldn't be done. And
And here we are. Here we are. Here we
are. Started at the bottom. Now we're
here. Um, all right guys, let's get into
it. Let's go through some
Q&A. The answer is work more. Hey, we
can finish their meeting. Um, all right.
Uh, Ryan, I'm just going to make you the
co-host real quick so people can be let
in. Absolutely. And then guys, raise
your hands u with a little emoji. That
way I'm calling you guys in order. U,
but yeah, absolutely, Matt. I'll take
care of everything. All right, let's go
through Who's
first? Le I don't know you got
questions. I can see in your face buddy.
Okay. How do you handle uh the object
money objection like say I do it very
well.
Okay. Very carefully. Yeah. So yeah like
how do you do that Matt? Uh how do you
think you do it? Uh so the well do you I
don't know like do the thing is do we
have payment plans with with this like
we don't right on outbound we don't no
so but you have packages so you
but you've got but you can well there
there are packages for the coaching
right but you can start off with a more
intense package and then you can drop
packages
right so like that's how you do it but
it's the same process So run me through
like
let's so let's go through role play or
just the process. Just talk just talk me
through it. So the first thing you want
to do is make sure that they actually
think it can help them achieve that
goal. Right. So you retire
them, right? Okay.
And then after that it's like you ask
them if they would do it with the money
aside. So you get the buying back,
right?
Okay. And then and then from there, I
think I think you go into like a
logistical thing first. So you would
walk them down and then after that is
like the reframes. I'm I'm not I'm not
entirely sure though. Okay. Um, you
should definitely try and sort of study
that process a bit more because if you
don't know the process like the words
are sort of not really going to they're
not they're not going to come to you.
Right? First thing is you get rid of the
objection. So money aside, do you feel
like this is the answer for you?
Yes. Get clarification. Try and you know
why? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Right. Then from there, get some more
detail. What is it specifically that you
feel like will be the most amount of
help, right? So, just get more detail
because that solidifies the point more.
They say, "Ah, X, Y, and Z." You go,
"Okay, what are some ways that we can
come up with the funds to get X, Y, and
Z?" Okay, because they said that's the
thing that they need, right? Then from
there, they can explore options. Um, so
like now you're on the same side of the
table. That's where you can go to
payment plans or you can go to dropping
packages. You can go to credit card, you
know, have you considered a credit card?
Because they might go, "Ah, cuz I got a
credit card this and this and this."
Right? So that's kind of where you
explore and then you come up with a
financial option that works for them.
And the whole point is that you you get
yes, that works. You get a confirmation.
Yes, that works within the budget. Okay.
How do you want to proceed from here?
Then they can go into a partner
objection. They could go into a think
about it. They could go into
whatever, but you've got the money out
the way.
Okay. Now, if they give you another
objection, doesn't mean it's some sort
of fear-based. No one's scared to buy
supplements. Yeah. There's no fear
objections. Like, just get rid of it out
of your head. That's just a coping
mechanism for [ __ ] bad sales reps.
Like there are like fear of success and
all that kind of stuff like but if you
think like it's far less often than what
you might think. It's like five 10% of
the time. Also these people have just
[ __ ] So like what are they scared
of you know? And would that be like the
think about it and partner would that be
a smoke screen? No. What if they have to
what if they have to box their partner?
Like it's just it's a part. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Okay. It is a partner objection
and then it's up to you to go down the
rabbit hole and see whether or not like
they're not lying to you. It's just what
they feel at the time. Yeah. So, don't
don't look for smoke screens and fear
objections. Don't look for that stuff.
Just treat it as what it is. Mhm. You
know, otherwise like you're going to end
up like all these reps that think that
everyone who doesn't buy has a bad
mindset. Yeah. And that's just
like that's just, you know, coping
mechanisms for shitty sales
reps,
right? It's just a bad value
proposition. If if people are like if
they don't want to buy it because they
don't want to spend the money, it's like
you just didn't do a very good job
selling
it, you know?
Yeah, that makes sense. Make sense?
Yeah. Yeah. Uh, all righty. Let's go.
Next. Next
question. Who's up? These
guys are quiet today. Yeah, quiet bunch,
Alex. All right, Alex. Yeah, thanks. All
right, I am struggling with knowing when
to cut a call off. Like the idea being
that perhaps this is just not going to
happen and I should let them go. And so
I I've been doing this a lot today where
I just try to wrap it up quickly. If I
get an objection right at the beginning,
I want to know if that's a mistake or
not. Sometimes these people will keep
talking and want to keep talking, but
they won't want to talk about the sale
anymore. They've expressed from the very
beginning they don't want to buy in. I I
my inclination is to get to the next
person. So, I just wanted to hear what
your thoughts on that. Uh I I want to
see like how often is that happening
because if it's happening like a vast
majority of the time, it's something
you're doing is causing
that. You know what I mean? Yeah.
Absolutely. No. And I that's what I'm
wondering about. If I had to give you a
percentage, this is just off the cuff.
I'm going to look through my data today,
but maybe 30 to 40% of the time on the
call. So, it might be me. And I'm I'm
just not sure what that's about either.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's do a role play
and see how you sound. Okay. Yeah. Jeff,
can you be the the
prospect? Jeff, run away.
cuz he's
French. I'm on a sales call. Like the
excuse. All right, Ryan, can you give me
my prospects? Yeah, absolutely.
All right. Ring ring. Hello. Hey, Ryan.
Yes. Hi, Ryan. This is Alex, one of your
coaches here with Native Path on a
recorded line. How are you? Oh, not bad.
Not terrible. Good. Good. I just wanted
to touch base with you and get a few
things confirmed on my side. It looks
like we're sending everything out to 123
Fifth Street. Is that right? Yeah. Yep.
That's my house. Okay. Very good. And as
far as you coming on board here, I'm
looking at your information. I know
we're working on improving overall
health and losing some weight. What
brought you on in the first place with
us? Well, hell's bells. Where'd I even
begin, man? I mean, like, so
essentially, I'm like 285 pounds. I'm a
very proud 5 foot 11. Um and yeah, the
weight's been creeping on for for quite
a while, right? Because I'm 32 years old
and um I'm not back at my fighting
weight. Back in university when I was in
beta kai I was like walking around like
at 205 you know playing rugby and then I
got wrestle and then wrestling but then
you know you get into the whole
corporate atmosphere and you know
freaking you got Becky over here getting
freaking all pissed off at you at HR and
you know freaking pizza parties and you
know I run into this parties
I run into this a lot and I don't know
how to deal with it. You do this. I do I
get people who uh I don't interrupt
them. I struggle with it to be frank.
What? Why don't you interrupt them? Why
don't you interrupt? I'm not entirely
sure how to do it without coming off as
a total S, but I need to. I know that.
When you say you're not sure how to
interrupt, what do you mean? Well, I'm I
mean, Ryan just demonstrated
beautifully, right? I will try to
interject with something. Sorry. Hold on
a second. When you when you say when you
say interject, like what's that? So,
I'll just say I'll just say something in
response to what they said, right? So,
for example, you mentioned, you know, he
is at a fighting weight previously. Say,
"Oh, that sounds great." Fighting
weight. Yeah. Okay. Use their own words.
Okay. Oh my god, dude. I was going to
wonder how long I was going to have to
do that before you picked up what was
happening. Yeah. No, I
I Yep. Sorry, a little slow here, but I
got No, you're right. You're right.
Well, that that that means like it's not
that noticeable, is it? No. Yeah. Yeah.
It's like it's like you just ask them
questions about the things that they've
said, right? No one's no one's upset or
angry about that and then you like that
that that allows you to redirect.
Mhm. Fighting way. Ah, you know, because
like you're you're establishing a
cadence of like I'm going to ask
questions,
right? And then it just becomes like
quite normal.
Okay. Yeah. I'm going to give that a try
this evening. Thank you so much.
No worries. It's a good practicing tool.
You should like practice it dayto-day as
well. Yeah. You know, it's just good to
get used to it. Yeah.
Okay. We had a win. Good job. All
righty.
All right. Who's next? Uh I have a quick
question if possible. I don't know how
to raise my hand with the phone app. So
that's why you just you just hold the
phone really high. It does it by itself.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Right. So my question is basically
I've I've had a couple times the you
know kind of people they come in in
their mind they're not looking for a
solution. It's kind of they already
purchased it because it's sometimes
coming like well your your marketing
said that I all I needed to do was take
the pill. So I'm not staying stagnant in
front of it. I'm saying acknowledging
yeah completely. It's a it's not uh that
it is like that that the product will
work. It's just, you know, on top of
that, a supplement, just a supplement.
It it works in addition to, and that's
what we're talking about right now,
nutrition and all the other things that
you could be doing to help yourself X,
Y, or C, reach your goals or get away
from pain. It's not working as much as I
thought it would. So I I was just
wondering how else could I manage that
when when that comes up them saying why
did you say this was everything I needed
to do to then bring me on a call and say
I should be doing coaching nutrition
which is fair yeah of course because so
I don't know how to redirect that in a
better way it's working some of the
times they they acknowledge it they say
yeah it's true I should do more than
just take a pill and it goes really well
from
But sometimes they just crash against it
and say, "Well, you okay, I acknowledge
that, but you lied to me." So, I don't
know how to handle that correctly, you
know. So, that if you could help me with
that, it would be amazing. For sure. Um,
so there's like a a sort of setup. It's
like the mechanic kind of frame. I've
talked about it a few times. Your Yeah,
I'm going to post it, Matt, because a
lot of people have question around this.
I'm going to post it in the division
that reframe because everyone need it.
Oh, thank you. So, so, um, it's
basically like, so if we, we can role
play it and that way it's like recorded,
but it's like,
um, you know, so Ryan, you be the
prospect and just give me give me that
one and I'll I'll talk through it. Well,
you know, I'm really confused, Matt. Um,
because like when I ordered Aqua Sculpt,
I was going to do something that all I
had to do was actually take the pill and
like actually lose weight, but then like
you're calling me right now and you're
saying that I have to like do something
else. I mean, like I I'm I'm not
understanding or there's a disconnect
here. Yeah, for sure. So, you know, a
lot of times what we see is that people
who are looking for our product have
tried a bunch of things in the past.
Like, have have you have you tried is
this the first thing you've ever tried
or have you tried a few things before?
No, no, no. I mean, I went on the Oprah
Weight Watchers diet and then I did um
the Billy Banks Taibbo a long time ago.
Oh, Tao. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I
mean, it's not the first time I took a
crack at this, but that you know, this
definitely, you know, is And did they
did they ultimately did they work? Like,
are you happy with where you're at? I
mean, no, they didn't work at all. You
know, freaking the the point system on
Oprah's was super annoying and then I
followed But like they did work for
other people. Yeah. Right. Otherwise,
they wouldn't be so big, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, what we find is
like, you know, a lot of the times were
the place people end up, right? Um, so I
remember like I had this car once and it
was like an old Jeep. I took it to like
there's one problem with it. I took it
to like 12 different mechanics. Nobody
could fix it. Everyone had it. they'll
charge me money. And it was like it was
an intermittent fault, right? And then I
took it to one guy like after like a
year and a half trying to figure it out
and he was like, "Oh, I know what that
is." It was like a 14 cent part. And I
was like, "Oh my god, you like what the
hell?" Like, "How'd you know how to do
that?" He's like, "I've seen that
before, right?" And it was just like so,
you know, and it's the same as like
performance vehicles, you know? Like if
you if you if you have a if you have an
F1 car, you can't take it to like your
local like mechanic. You're just not
going to know what to do. And so if
you've tried things in the past, like
maybe it's not that the thing itself
wasn't working. It's just maybe that
there's a level of tinkering that you
need, you know, and that's not your
fault, but it's your problem, right? M.
So, are you open to maybe like maybe
you're just an outside of the box like
the problems that you've been
experiencing or just because you you
need a bit more help or you need you're
you're you're a bit more of a
performance vehicle. Does that make
sense? I don't know if I'm a performance
vehicle. I'm more of a John Deere
tractor, but yeah, it makes sense. Okay.
Well, either way, man, you don't want
your local guy, you know what I mean?
You don't want your local mechanic
working on a tractor worth $500,000,
right? You want someone who knows how to
use a tractor. Yeah. And so what we find
is people come to us and they've tried
other things in the past and it's not
their fault that those things didn't
work. It's just that like they didn't
find like the tinkering and what we find
is that you know Aquacult and the
supplements are a fantastic start and
they work really really well. But some
people who have experienced things where
they've done it and it hasn't worked.
They need they need the mechanic
right to just constantly tinker and
change things to make sure it works for
their body. And like that sucks. You
know what I mean? Like, you know, some
people can take sleeping pills and it
works and some people go super hyper.
You know what I mean? And it doesn't
mean that like the sleeping pills aren't
good sleeping pills. It's just that they
need a little bit more help, a little
bit more tinkering and we got to problem
solve it. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah, that
makes sense. Would that help you? Yeah.
Yeah. Because I'm just tired of, you
know, freaking having to deal with this
type of a thing, right? I really want to
get this under control. Yeah. Okay.
Well, we can do that. Right. So, that
seems like a much more leaned out kind
of makes more sense. It also kind of
makes them feel a little bit like, oh,
the reason why I'm haven't got success
is because, you know, I'm just
different, which makes people feel good.
Does that make sense? Makes complete
sense. Makes sense. Acknowledge it and
it like that. Thank you. Yeah. And it's
like, yeah, man. Like, you know, and if
you've never tried anything before,
maybe that's the right. And if they come
to you go, I never tried anything
before, never tried to lose weight, like
the chances of that are one in a
million, right? Yeah, I mean like so
it's like well I mean like if they
haven't tried anything before like it's
such a rare occurrence that that no I
don't you know it's like have you ever
tried anything before to lose weight?
Nothing. Okay, so what you're you're 40
years old and you're 50 lbs overweight.
You've never once tried a diet. You've
never once tried exercise. You know what
I mean? Like it's it's so incredibly
unlikely there's sort of no point. And
if that's the case, I would go like,
"Oh, okay. Welcome to the party, mate.
Let me know how it goes." Like whatever.
like peace be with you. Um okay, cool.
Thank you. Um so, uh Jeff or Ryan, if we
can get that written up, that'll
probably help. Yeah, I'll just reply to
a guy on the chat. I'll uh today writen
up and I'll post it in the division.
Yeah, I've got I've got my AI
transcriber pendant thing on me as well,
so I can I'll grab it as well. Yeah,
I'll just start. Go. Can you remind me
to take the transcription from this and
turn the mechanic frame? Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. No, I was
talking to my AI thing. Oh, well, I
mean, we'll we'll get it done on our
own, too. Yeah. Um, all righty. AI pen's
a game changer. I just go to the gym and
say what I'm doing. I just say my food.
It tracks everything. It's good. Yeah.
All right. Who's next?
Don't be shy, guys.
You guys are weak. We all battles are
weak. I think if no one wants to role
play it, let's go, Jeff. Let's do it.
Um, I'm going to do outbound. Uh, okay.
Bundle Aquascope.
Uh, Leon, you'll be a good prospect.
Okay.
Yes. All right. Yeah. So, you both some
aquasculope and uh and I guess outbound
you. Uh, ring ring. Hello. Hey, who's
this? Hey, Ryan. Can you hear me? This
is Jeff from uh coach as committed
coaches. Can you hear me correctly?
Yeah. Yeah, I can hear you. Yeah, I'm
the French guy in the team as you can
tell. Can you hear the French accent?
Yeah.
Well, now you know. I look like you
purchased some supplement, mate,
recently. The the Aquacon supplement.
Um, did you receive that? Okay.
Actually, uh, no, we haven't got it yet.
You ordered them? Let me check. Yeah,
today. Uh, yep. I mean, different time
zone, but yeah, today. Yeah, usually
take like seven days for you to receive
that. Great. Sweet. So, did you had any
question about the supplement, I guess?
Any support? Um,
no, not really. I sat through the hour
long video. It was Yeah, bother. What?
What's going on? I mean, they said you
have to watch it all. So, and I really
need to get this weight off. So, at
least we know you're committed. Watch
the full video, mate. You really They
barely watch it. Okay. So, out of
curiosity, what got you to It might
sound obvious to you. What got you to uh
to purchase Aqua Sculp? Uh I guess
regarding weight loss.
Oh, well, you know, like I've been
struggling with weight loss for quite
some time. Okay. Um and it's like May
right now, you know, it's getting into
summertime. So, I was thinking I kind of
want to get down a little bit for
summer. So, you know, I can kind of
enjoy. What kind of weather? What's
going on? You see yourself in bikinis
over there? What's up? Well, it's
usually very cold here, so it's starting
to get quite nice weather. It's okay.
Still not that great, but I'm pretty
sure in July you want to look good out
there. That's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's my
birthday. I'm born in July, so I want to
look good on my birthday. And so that go
regarding the supplement, like how do
you see the supplement, I guess, helping
you with that?
I mean, on the ad, it said it
will make me lose weight, so I'm hoping
it's going to work. Do you recall the
ad? Cuz I think we have two videos. We
have an ad where you see a lot of women
talking about the ice water and the
pills, and you have the one with the
testimonials when you put the uh You
didn't put anything actually. That's not
my bad. Yeah. Yeah. When you saw the
video with the woman, is is that the one
where you know they have the typical US
woman talking about like drinking water?
Yeah. Getting good pills. Okay, that's
the one. Okay, mate. The thing is um
those women who had amazing results uh
you know with the pills. Um what do you
think they had in place if you think
about it to get Yeah, that's a good
question. That's that's the enigma,
right? Let's let's figure it out. Yeah,
I'm not I'm not really I'm not really
sure about that. Um, well, I mean, it
must have been the
Must for them. They better work. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, they work very well
when you have a game plan in place. Now,
you might tell me, "Hey, listen. For
this summer, I'm locked. I have the
plan, mates. I'm going to lose the
weight and the peel are going to help me
to get there way faster." Okay? Because
the thing is that we we make sure to
manage the expectation because if you
think you're just going to take the ice
water and the pills and you don't have
the game plan in place that work maybe
you do, but if you don't have it, then
it's going to lead to frustration,
right? Because you're going to be like,
"Yo, I don't understand. I I went to
McDonald and I took my pill. I'm still
like, what's going on?" And like, you
know, I'm going to call you again and
you'll be like like speeching in my
face. So, I don't want that to happen.
So, really like on a serious note,
right? like those women who had like the
best result, I mean they had a game plan
in place and then the supplement on top
of it skyrocket the result. So from here
really the discussion is that you might
tell me hey I have everything unlocked
again uh I know to lose weight I've done
it before uh but you didn't mention that
u something to me that I'm going to go
into or we can explore you know uh
possible help regarding that you tell
me.
I mean it will depend what you mean when
you when you say this game plan. You're
being a bit vague so far. So yeah, when
they say game
plan yeah when they have a game plan
basically they know to lose weight mate.
Either they do sports because you don't
have to or they had a s like calorie
deficit you know diets that help them
lose the weight because at the end of
the day losing weight it's basically
being a deficit and the pills skyrocket
your metabolism. So they help you with
that right? So that's basically it. But
again, so you mentioned to me that what
did you say in the past you've been uh I
don't know I see I see what you're
doing. I just think it's a little bit
it's a little bit too vague. Like you're
sort of Yeah.
It's a bit too vague and a little bit
too pointy at the same time. It's like
you're you're it's very leading. Yeah.
You know what I mean? So I think you
just got to I think you just got to lean
it out a little bit and just uh you're
you're you're doing a lot of telling.
Yeah. you know, and so instead just like
ask the questions and then probe on it.
So like for example, really early on
he said like I've been trying to lose
weight for a long time and I just would
have gone how long?
Two years. Two years. [ __ ] that's that's
a while. What have you been doing? You
know, and so like you're getting off
that kind of you're getting off the line
and you're trying to I I feel like
you're trying to pigeon hole them into a
very specific problem statement. Mhm.
Right. I do. Yeah. Which is like I don't
know to lose weight. Yeah. Yes. But what
if they say I do?
No. Then God bless. Uh I will No, I will
do No, I'm teasing. I I will see doubt
around it. I will just do my situation
question. Yeah. I feel like it's just a
really hard way of doing it. I I I don't
even think I'm not even saying it won't
work because I actually think it
probably would because you're doing it
you're you're probably just going to
bully them into it, right? But yeah, I I
think that it's a hard way of doing it.
Whereas I'm not doing it correctly.
Actually, I don't even have the script
in front of me. I probably messed that
up. But yeah, absolutely. You know, just
go like like the answer is like they
don't know how to lose weight. Like that
like that's the answer. Yeah. But like
they have to tell you that and they have
to tell you that through it being of
benefit to them to tell you. Yeah.
Right. So if they feel like you're
trying to get them to say that Yeah.
Right. then then it's going to it's
going to be weird. Whereas if you just
go like, you know, I've been trying to
lose weight for a while. How how long's
a while? Two years. Sheesh. Two years,
mate. Like, what have you been doing?
Like this. Is it working? No. Why not?
Well, cuz I don't know what I'm doing.
It's It's done in two seconds. Yeah. You
know what I mean? So, if that's the
outcome you want, like just go the easy
route. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I saw it
like the when he said that, I'm like,
"Okay, bro. Easy." But I just went went
for my reframe. Okay. Sweet. Perfect.
But like conversational was good. Um,
and like I like all that stuff. I just
think Yeah, you're like putting it on
hard mode for no reason. Yeah. When just
default default script when he dropped
the long that could have straight up
being problem wess in like 10 seconds in
there. Yeah. Y yeah. So just take the
take the quick way because you know the
time is going to be spent on the
solution part you know like so if you
spend 10 minutes on problem it takes too
long. Okay. Sweet. Perfect. All
right.
Um, French is a fun language. All right,
let's go. Who's
next? Uh, Timour, bring yourself. He was
on the role play with me today on the
closing code. Yeah, Tim, role play with
Matt or me or or Ryan. The the reframe
you asked me um on the supplement, I
think. I have to remember. You have to
refresh my memory. I don't remember.
Yeah, I needed this. Um, the reframe was
really helpful. So, uh, I don't know if
who wants to role play, can do role
play. Yeah, let's do it. You know, let's
do it. Uh, who's up? Uh, Anna, you can
be the prospect and then you can be the
next sales rep.
Yep.
All right. Uh, one sec.
Okay. Can you hear me? Yes, we can.
Okay. Uh, Anna. Hey Anna. Uh, hey there.
Hi Anna. This is just uh Coach Tim with
the Gut Jobs calling on the recording
line. How are you? I'm fine. How about
you? Good. Good. Doing well. Doing well.
I see that you ordered some supplements.
Is that right? Yeah. Cool. Cool. Did you
uh receive them or are you still
waiting? I'm still waiting. I just
ordered it three days ago. Okay. Okay.
Cool. Cool. And I guess like just wanted
to give you a call. uh welcome you on
board. Uh get a few things confirmed on
my side. Um I guess like what is it that
brought you to us? Like are you trying
to lose weight? Um yeah, lose the
weight. Yeah. Okay. How much weight are
we looking to lose? Oh, around 10
pounds. Nothing serious. Okay. 10
pounds. Not bad. And then I guess uh is
it more of like a recent thing or like
how long have you been wanting to lose
that 10 pounds?
you know, I lose them, I gain them. It's
like years or something.
Oh, sorry. Say that again. Yeah, it's
two years. Okay. Two years. And I guess
like something happened recently that
kind of like made you want to lose that
10 pounds or what happened?
Yeah. Well, I'm trying two years. I'm up
and down. Up and down. And uh What do
you mean up and down? But I cannot keep
them off.
Okay. Okay. And then I guess like what
are you doing right now to kind of like
help uh lose that 10 pounds? Yeah, you
know, I eat healthy. I exercise like
three, four times a week. Um Okay. I
don't go out much. I cut the pops. So
yeah. Okay. And is it has it been
working for you?
Yeah. As I said, I lose them then, you
know, I get and and then why do you
think you gain it back? Just curious.
Yeah, that's a nice
question. I guess the eating habits, you
know, sometimes, uh,
okay.
Yeah, it's like I'm going to eat some
sweets sometimes.
Yeah. Okay. So, what do you feel like is
missing, I guess, um, the way that
you're trying to lose weight right now?
[Music]
H what is missing? What do you mean?
Uh I guess like you said you you try to
you know lose weight. You see I'm I'm a
little bit lost. I don't know if you
have feedback.
That's okay. That's what you hear. Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like you're waiting for
something. What are you waiting for?
Uh what am I waiting for? Yeah. I feel
like you're like kind of waiting for
them her to say something very
particular or you know because you were
asking the questions she was answering
them. So what's like where's the
confusion?
Um I don't know. I I was looking for
more like um just like she was just kind
of like you know surface
level. That's why. Yeah. But like you
just asked
her very surface level normal questions
though and you've been talking to her
for like a minute and a half. Did you
expect her to go like, "Oh, it's because
like my husband divorced me and I'm you
know what I mean?" Like just just like,
you know, "Oh, Tamer, you sound you you
sound like a guy that off the street I
should probably convey my deepest
darkest secrets to." You know what I
mean? Um I I I you know, I cry when I
masturbate, you know? Like there you go.
Like like I don't understand like what
do what do you want them to say that
that early, you know? Yeah, that's a
good point. I mean I guess I don't know.
I I got a little bit lost. Um I need to
practice more, I Try it again. Okay.
Where do you want me to start from
beginning? Yes. Okay, cool. Um, hey, can
you can you hear me well? Yeah, I can.
Hey, this is just Tim, uh, Coach Tim
from Gut Drops calling on a recorded
line. Do you start off with, "Hey, can
you hear me well?" No, no, no. I a weird
way to start our conversation.
Yeah. Uh, just Coach Tim here on the
recorded line. How are you?
I'm fine. I'm fine. How about yourself?
Good. Good. Doing well. Doing well.
Yeah. Just uh I see that you purchased
some supplements. Have you already
received those or are you still waiting?
I'm waiting for them. Okay. And then
when did you order them? Like 3 days
ago. Okay. Three days ago. So yeah, it
should should arrive in about like 7 10
days. But yeah, just wanted to give you
a call kind of like welcome you. Um get
a few things confirmed on my side, I
guess. like what is it that uh made you
interested in like buying the
supplements? Are we losing looking to
lose weight, improve overall health?
Like what's going on?
Yeah. Well, I just want to lose uh 10
pounds and I thought that supplements
are going to help me. Okay. And then um
uh how long have you been wanting to
lose that 10 pounds? more of a like
recent thing something happened or
it's about like the last two years I'm
trying um okay a little bit of yo-yoing.
Okay. And then what have you tried to
kind of lose that 10 pounds. Um well uh
I eat healthy. I exercise. I cut down
some, you know, some pops, some uh
sweets, things like that. I don't go out
too much. Yeah. I try to, you know, take
care of what I'm doing. Okay. Well, it
sounds like, I mean, you're doing
everything. Like, I guess like anything
you would change about the way that
you're trying to lose the weight right
now or like what's been missing, you
think?
Uh, what's been missing? Like, um, I
don't
know.
Uh, yeah. Again.
All right. Why do you think you're
you're getting like do is this what
happens in calls
usually? I mean I just try to uh you
know would come come up with something
but um Are you looking at the script?
No, not right now. But usually when I'm
making calls, I look at the script.
Yeah. Okay. All right. Cool. You got to
learn the structure, man. That you you
like she's just answering your questions
in a very normal way. Uh-huh. Right. And
like those are like totally expected and
common answers. And if that's if that's
getting you muddled up, you just don't
know you you don't know the process. You
I think I should just um get the script
uh memorized like really good. So yeah,
that's like that's a good idea. You
know, you got you got to know like you
gota she's like, "Yeah, I've been trying
to lose weight for a while. I've been
training. I'm not really sure why it's
not working." You're like,
"Yep, if only I had a product or service
that I could offer you that was to fix
that exact problem in which you are
telling me you have."
You know what I mean? Like you gota pick
that [ __ ] up, brother. Don't like
memorize the script. It takes literally
a day. Yeah. You know, you don't have to
be uh the memorization has nothing to do
with smarts, you know? So, just get in
there and do it. Otherwise, like pretend
like your sales calls are in front of
500
people. If you did your sales calls live
on a stage in front of 500 people, would
you memorize the script first? Yeah.
Why?
Because I don't want to, you know, mess
up like I just did. Okay. So, is it your
name on the Zoom?
Yeah. Okay, then it's your name either
way. Whether it's in front of people or
just in front of one person. Either way,
it's your name.
Yep. Do it properly.
Yep. Yep. I got it. Thanks, Matt. Okay.
Appreciate it. All right. Next person. I
am next. As as That's exactly That's
exactly how Jeff would say it. He speaks
so French. You have to come
not ever weas. All right. Um
let's go. All right. And uh Ann, you are
the sales
uh reper as they say in Spanish, right?
That is a female rep,
right? And uh Ryan Ortega, you can be
the uh he can be the prospect. How do
you hear? Very spicy role play.
Awesome. Hey, Ryan. Yes. Hey, Ryan. This
is Coach Anna here. I'm calling you from
Aqua Scout. How are you? Oh, hey Anna.
I'm doing great. Nice to hear that.
Well, it looks like we are scheduled for
now to talk about uh possibly getting
some help with health and fitness. Is
that correct? Uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's
around that time. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Awesome. So, I'm in front of your
profile right now. As I see, we are
looking to lose 35 pounds. Is that
correct? Uh, it was when I filled it
out. You want to update that to 38? 38.
Oh, it's much over there, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Eating good over here. Okay.
Awesome. 38 pounds it is then. So, um,
the purpose of today's call, Ryan, it's
pretty simple. It's, you know, for us to
ask each other some questions, have a
conversation on your goals, and just
make sure you have everything you need
to get there. Does that sound okay?
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Awesome. So, kick
us off a little bit here. Um, 38 pounds.
What is kind of motivating you to want
to lose that weight?
Um, so like the main motivation I guess
is that like, uh, something happened
recently where, um, I'm a big outdoors
person. Like I really like hiking. I
really like hunting. And, um, I was with
my buddies over there in Montana. Um,
and it was just me and him. And then we
were just walking up and I just I
couldn't keep up anymore, you know, like
I felt really really out of breath. And
then like my ankles and my knees and my
hips, everything was just tight. And
then um we got in a we got in a fight
with a with a cougar. And um that can be
frustrating, right? Yeah. And then
anyway, we're in a situation where, you
know, we were we were hunting and then
um I couldn't get out of a situation,
you know, fast enough and uh it almost
cost me. It almost what cost you your
man? What What was that? Well, I mean
they were hunting, right? And then we're
hunting this cougar and then uh he came
after us and you know we had a high tail
it out of there and you know I couldn't
that can be dangerous outside the wild
my man you need of that. Yeah danger is
my middle name. Okay. Okay. And uh how
long have you been looking to lose those
38 pounds just so you understand
the this this hunting trip was um I want
to say like six weeks ago where like it
really kind of you know and made me
think about like my decisions recently.
You know what I mean? Like like I just
kind of looked up in the mirror one day
and I was like like how in the hell am I
this heavy? You know?
Okay. And um when you say this heavy
like um how this is kind of affecting
you in your day-to-day life besides the
hunting. I mean you know I can enjoy I
can't enjoy my hobbies and then like I
can't like my my clothes are fitting a
little bit tighter and um you know and
how that makes you feel?
What do you mean like just terrible, you
know, like haven't you been in that
position before? Mhm. Okay. Would you
say it's affecting confidence,
self-esteem or something like that or I
mean amongst other things. Yeah, sure.
Okay. Okay. And now uh I understand that
the handing it was the the point that
you realized to make that shift. But how
many years you are carrying those 38
pounds?
Um, I wouldn't be able to tell you that
in particular, but I mean it's been
creeping up, you know what I mean? Like
I'm 32. Last time I was like in actual
good shape where I felt good about
myself, I was like 27. So it's just been
trending up about five years, right?
Yeah. Yeah. More or less been trending
up. Okay. And what? Uhhuh. Gotcha. And
what is your current weight right now?
Right now I am 285 pounds.
285 and we want to lose those 38. So, we
want to go down to
245, let's say. Um, yep. Yep. Okay. And,
uh, the last time that you were down to
245, it was 5 years ago, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Pre-COVID, you know what I mean?
Before we got all shut down. Okay. And
have you tried um something to lose that
weight all these years or? Well, I mean,
like, yes and no. like I you know I hit
the gym a few couple times a year just
because you know I'm a cement truck
driver uh over here in Tallahassee and
um you know just the nature of the job
on my feet a lot and then like my
metabolism has always kind of kept me up
and then you know as soon as I hit 30
it's like someone just you know slapped
me with the ugly stick. Okay. When you
say you you hit the gym, like have you
tried like cons consistently or what um
what have you been doing exactly to
actually get rid of those pounds? Well,
I mean, like I said, like it's always
been like as far as consistently goes, I
would want to say like I go two to three
times a week just, you know, you know,
just go in there and just kind of lift
some weight to get my body moving, get
the blood pumping a little bit, but
nothing nothing like formal I guess you
can say. Okay. So, it sounds like it
wasn't so important for you before to
lose the weight or what's the case here?
Um, it's kind of harsh. I mean, I
wouldn't say that it wasn't important,
but you know, it was just something that
was always kind of like an ongoing
project, but like I said, it didn't
really affect me until like it was going
into like the activities that I really
enjoy. Gotcha. But I mean, I'm curious
like what do you feel has preventing you
from reaching your goal so far?
Um, [ __ ] I don't know. You know, I
guess. Okay. I mean, if you think about
it a little bit. I mean, I guess I just
didn't have like the right guidance.
Uh-huh. What do you mean by that? Well,
I mean, it's always been on my own. You
know what I mean? Like, I don't know if
you know the life of a cement truck
driver, you know what I mean? You just
kind of get the job and then Okay. Go
home. And, you know, it's just, you
know, I don't really, it wasn't really
something I was paying attention to. So,
Okay. and trying to do it by your own
those five years. How how that uh has
been going for you?
What do you mean? I mean on 38 pounds
overweight, how do you think? Yeah.
Yeah. It sounds like you don't get the
results you are looking for, right?
Sure. Uhhuh. Would it be reasonable to
start making some changes here in order
to get different results or how do you
feel? Oh, yeah. That's why I booked the
call. There you go. Okay. And
uh I mean like
um all these years that you have been
doing by yourself and you didn't see the
results like what has preventing you
from asking some help, you know, some
expert guidance from someone that Well,
like I said, I it wasn't really a
problem until it started affecting some
of the things that I really do enjoy.
Like I knew I was like gaining weight,
you know, but it was like I always saw
myself kind of the same. And then when
you know my life got put on the line
that's when I was I saw like my absolute
physical limitations when I had to
confront my mortality and I couldn't get
out of a situation as quickly as I could
have before and yeah I mean it's it's
been an ongoing thing but it was
actually where like what I have been
doing is you know not working out
anymore so that's why I wanted to get
some possible outside help. Okay got
you. So let's do this just to see what
we do here. If it can actually work for
you personally, right? Let's say we are
sitting down, me, you, our coach is here
and we are about to create the perfect
um plan for you. Like in your mind, what
kind of um support and guidance do you
feel you would need in order to get to
your goals? Well, I don't know what's on
the menu. Uhhuh. Well, I mean, what do
you feel you would need? Maybe
Well, I mean, I don't want to ask
something unreasonable, right? like if
you guys can provide us so I guess like
what are the option that you guys have?
Mhm. Okay.
So because you said uh you you need the
right uh plan, right? So do you feel
that uh some kind of guidance in the
nutrition possibly or exercise because
for every person is something different,
right?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's something
different but like that's I don't I
don't know. I don't know what I know
what I don't know what I need. That's
why I called you guys. Like I guess like
what what do you guys have available for
me? How does this program work? Like
kind of walk me through it, I guess.
Yeah. Okay. So, let's say we create a
plan for you that we are able to get you
down those 38 pounds and you're down to
245 in the next uh four to five months,
right? Mhm. Um, what would be different
in your day-to-day life? I mean, I can
go back to, you know, enjoying the
outdoors without, you know, having to
fear for my goddamn life. You know, I
can get out of those tricky situations.
You know, I can get back to that place.
You know, I can, you know, fit better in
my clothes. You know, I can, you know,
go out to the dive bars and, you know,
hit on the spicy senoritas. Mhm. Oh,
okay. Are we looking to find a girl?
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How long have you been
uh single? Who says I'm single? I'm
kidding. No.
No, no, no. It's um No. I've been on my
own for a while. For a while. Okay.
Okay. And how long you have in the
baggage list to find a girl. Oh, I mean,
you know, it's just one of those one of
those things, you know, it's not really
important. It's not really important for
you to find a girl. What's I mean, you
know, just catch someone's eye, but you
know, my main thing is just getting back
to like, you know, get into my my
hobbies are really important to me. I
don't like, you know, being idol.
You sounds like you're an active person,
right? Mhm. Uhhuh. And how would be for
you like to go back to that, you know,
you can have that energy in order to do
the things that you enjoy? Yeah. I mean,
I hate the city, you know what I mean? I
I I leave town any chance I get. You
know, when I'm in the mountains, it's,
you know, the fresh air. you know, the
quiets, you know, I just, you know, I
just want to disconnect completely.
Uhhuh. Okay. I love it. And uh let me
ask you like why now? Why you don't It's
been already five years, right? Why you
don't put it off a little bit and start
next year, let's say? Well, because I
wasn't damn attacked by a cougar a
couple years ago, you know? Like I said,
I got to confront my own mortality and
you know, it's one of those things.
Uhhuh. Yeah. Maybe you're not going to
be here, right?
If it was like if it was like last time,
you know, I lost, but I made a point,
right? Okay. Okay. Um that makes total
sense. And uh so with the current
process you have right now um with what
you are doing like how close do you feel
you actually are in order to get those
results in the next four five months to
be where you want to go and where you
want to be and you know well I mean like
I I I wrestled right like I've lost
weight in the past. I mean I've done
like the keto diet before. So like I
know like if I have to drop fast weight
fast I know how to do it. But I can
deplete my carbs. I can drink, you know,
I can just, you know, spit water and
chew gum and, you know, do that. But the
fact is that I feel absolutely freaking
terrible. And yeah, I don't want to do
that. You know what I mean? I feel like
there's a more sustainable way of
getting it done. There you go. And I'm
not questioning that you can lose the
weight, right? Anyone. All right, cool.
All right, pause. I I I let that go for
a while, but um what what was the first
of all Ryan's in Scottsdale fighting off
Cougars? Well done to you, buddy. It's a
rough place out there. Um, right. Um, if
anyone's been to Scottsdale, you know
it's it's a it's cougar central. It's a
scary place. Big game. Um, yeah, it is.
Um, I feel like it's pretty good, Anna,
but I feel like you're just like you're
you're it's it's a little bit not quite
pointy enough, right? Uhhuh. Like it's
just sort of it's
um it's lacking a bit of depth into the
conversation, right? So because your
tonality kind of stays the same the
whole time,
you know, like you're sort of asking the
questions but you're not like asking
them in a way where it's going to invite
a deeper answer. So it's like that like
that secondary probe
and you know like slowing it down a
little bit. You're sort of maintaining
the same throughout the whole thing. So
like your instincts are good. What
you're saying is fine, but it's like the
execution of it just needs to be like a
little bit more deliberate, okay? You
know, because like you know what to say.
It's just now you have to go like I I
need to make them consider this more. So
like sit in the question more and make
them answer it in more detail and you
know like slow them down a bit. Right.
Okay. You know because otherwise like
you're accepting a more surface level
answer than what you need to. Yeah. You
know, like you're accepting it instead
of going like, "Yeah, but really,
you know, it's just not a priority right
now to get a girl." Really? So, if a
beautiful woman right now was like, "I'm
in love with you and I want to have your
babies." Like, you say no. Well, no.
Okay. So, like you're just not in front
of the right women or like what's going
on? Why do you think that is? You know,
like you're accepting the the lie that
he tells himself. Yeah. And if you
accept it, then he's going to accept it
as well.
Yeah, I hear what you're saying. Yeah.
Okay. The tonality and also I want to
ask you something. I just a little bit
more. Go ahead. Just hear the [ __ ]
Hear the [ __ ] Like you're a woman.
Men [ __ ] you all the time. Mhm.
Right. And you and you know when they're
bullshitting you. Yeah. You know, go
like listen to it and go like I don't
know about that. Mhm. And like, you
know, if if if you need to say things
like, you know, hey, do I have
permission to give you some like some
honest advice on that? You know what I
mean? And then like they're like, yep.
You're like, all right, cool. That seems
like [ __ ] to me, man.
[ __ ]
right? Don't be afraid to call people
out. It's a it's a good thing for them.
And you can do it super politely, you
know? Like, hey, yeah, I have done this,
but I mean, it's about again the tone of
my voice that you said. So I come like
rude to some people and yeah but then
like it's like the lat like your accent
can like can do that right but you just
got to say like you got to preempt that
and go hey do you mind can I give you
some feedback and sorry my accent can
make me sound a bit rude sometimes I'm
not trying to be you know this and you
say it right so okay you know um right
like you just got to you just got to
kind of lean into some of those things
and use it okay okay And I have one
question. I'm trying to my
calls. I'm I'm going without script the
last weeks. Um and I'm trying to
um put the identity out if that makes
sense to make them take the the
ownership, right? And um here with Ryan,
I didn't find that how I could possibly
have done it. You know what I mean? And
I I don't actually know what you mean.
So for example, you know, if um I have a
person that tells me, hey, I have done
the keto, I have done the weight washers
and I gain all the weight back. So there
is a pattern that um why that happened
way because I get rid of that diet and I
went back to my regular habits, right?
So there is a pattern over there. So
that means that the lack of discipline.
So maybe
do do you think a lack of discipline is
gonna like help you?
I mean you mean in my calls? Yeah. Like
is it going to help you? So someone
going I have a lack of discipline.
You know I'm going to ask like okay and
what do you feel those people that they
are successful
have that they allows them right to see
that success. So they are going to say
what they're going to say and then Okay.
Yeah. But like so you it's a very
different frame. If I say you lack
accountability and I say you lack
discipline, one is a character
trait, right? And one is a thing that
you can buy.
You understand? You understand the
difference? No. Okay. So like um
discipline is like only you can be
disciplined
right like I cannot make you be
disciplined
only you can do that is an internal
thing right so that means like I like I
can't sell you anything to install
discipline into you
because discipline is doing things when
people are not looking
right
accountability can lead to discipline
But it's like the
bridge. It's, hey, let me be the person
who supports
you, right? Like, let me be your, you
know, your backbone for a while. But
like, if you tell, if you get someone to
admit to a lack of discipline, it's
going to be very difficult to sell them
anything. Yeah.
Yeah.
Because you're saying your character
traits are not conducive with success.
Mhm.
Whereas if you guys say, "Hey, listen.
You tried a bunch of things. It hasn't
worked. It's not your fault, but it is
your problem." So what we do is we need
to tinker. We need to tweak and we need
to hold you accountable to doing things
consistently enough so we can figure out
what works and what
doesn't. Does that make sense? They're
like, "Yeah, like cool." So it's like
those people who were successful, they
had someone in place or something in
place to ensure accountability and to
ensure that they were able to do the
things so that like testing could be
done. That's why they have controls.
That's why they have all that kind of
stuff, right? You know, so it's someone
there when you open the fridge, it's
like someone there to go, you sure about
that, fatty?
Right. You know, yeah. You want to die
alone? Yeah. I mean, so like like that's
not discipline, it's accountability.
They're very different things and
they're going to be perceived in very
different ways.
Yeah. You know, yeah. Yeah. And also uh
there the ideal criteria that he said,
you know, I don't know like you tell me
what you have. Should I go like
ultimately whatever is the plan that I'm
going to give you, whose responsibility
is it for you to get the results? Would
that be okay there or what? Yeah, you
can do that there. You can do that
there. I think what you guys want to
realize is that what you don't want to
do is have like
predetermined outcomes. Mhm. Right. Like
the the script or like the framework is
going to take you to places, but you
know the specifics of the place don't
matter.
You know, it's it's like if you're
trying pigeon holding people into saying
certain word tracks, it's very difficult
because now you're having to do like
mental ninjutsu all the time to try and
mold them into like a very specific way
of talking and thinking. It's really
hard, right? And just not not a super
good way of doing it. Like you just need
to go you need to understand like on
broader on broader scales, right? So,
you've got like, you know, I need to get
this person to like understand they have
a problem. Doesn't matter what that
problem is. They have a problem, right?
What is the problem? They they're not
they're not losing weight. That's the
problem. There you go. Done. Yay.
Right. What's the solution? They want to
lose weight. Okay. What's the specifics
of that? You know, so like that's a much
easier way of doing it.
Yeah. Okay. All right, guys. cuz I got
to run. Okay. Bye-bye. Good stuff. Take
care, guys.
