Hey, bro.
Hey, man.
How you doing?
Good, man.
Hey, do you want to talk about fitness
objection handling
or do you want to do a role play?
Uh, no, let's talk about it. Uh, that
will be good. Or other ways, whatever
you want. It doesn't really matter for
me.
I'm doing the uh I'm doing the content
for the closing code at the moment. and
I'm like for that course and I'm redoing
some of the objection handling. So it'
be interesting to get like sort of your
take on on the objection handling of of
fitness. Whoa.
Okay.
Let me let me get my folder which I got
all the
old objection handling that I used to
have
and um All right, got it. I just
listened to one of um
those calls.
I think it's getting slick.
I think the most common one that that
you get is the
first things I'm not a big believer in
for just for fitness about the smoke
crane there's most the smoke screen the
mindset and the logistic I'm more likely
money time and value. So that's the way
that's the way how I seen it. And what I
found more common is they always throw
the the wifehusband
at first. Okay. So they got the price
shock uh and that's the first one and
after they move into the husbandwife
one. And what I do mainly
is different from for example for an IT
ticket sale which you're trying to
challenge the mindset. I'm more
confronting because I know that most of
the times I'm speaking with someone that
has an issue of making a decision rather
than just like spending money for it.
Okay.
Yeah. So
well it's not a huge amount of money,
right? So you're saying something
that's, you know, not a huge amount of
money. So the issue is they're too
[ __ ] lazy to start.
Yeah. Exactly right. Exactly right. I
think is is just that is the thing. So
you have to be able to be confronting
about it. That's coming down. You don't
need to be pushy but you need to be a
coach.
You need to challenge them.
Yes. Because that's what they value out
of you of you confronting them. So the
first things I would do is like right
you throw me the uh when I ask my wife
so it's perfect absolutely fine for
yourself. So what do you reckon is the
main things you need to be able to check
with them. Is it the finances? Is it the
time or is maybe because this one is not
the right fit for yourself. So I give
them I try to make them feel that they
got a a way for ask them but actually
they don't. I give them two direction
because I want to channel which one is
the objection.
That's a really good point. You got to
find out what the true objection is. So
if you just if you just talk about the
surface level objection, you have to you
have to whittle it down. If someone says
to think about sweet, what do you need
to think about?
All right, cool. Is it the money? Is it
the time? Like what is it? Can you tell
me exactly because I want to help you
move forward in whatever way is best for
you, but I need to know what the real
situation is here. So can you just help
me understand so I can better help you?
And if I have to put in a percentage is
that 60% of the time is money. That's
out of experience. Okay? So everyone has
his own experience. But my one was 60%
money. 30% is time. Time is correlated
with money. And I'll tell you in a
second and 10% is the value. Let's start
with the worst one which is the value.
If you [ __ ] up on the value that is
your own fault presentation. Yeah. It
means your presentation is something
that you have to be able to revalue. And
generally the main things that you
shouldn't be getting to that point
because you should already kind of temp
check on every times you explain part of
the program is like is that something
that you can possibly do is that can be
the answer for yourself that eliminates
that but let's say the money which is
the most important one and that is where
the cost per action is the key
that I will go so I will go like all
right perfect let's understand a little
bit more about what you mean by the
money is because you don't have the
money for it or maybe because it's more
expensive than what you've seen in the
past.
Okay. So that's a I always trying to
give them a direction because I have to
be clear.
That's a very good point. What is it
about the money? Is it the total
investment or is it the weekly amount?
Is it the fact that it's more expensive
than you thought or is the fact that
it's just too expensive?
Like like what is it? like you don't see
the value
and after you get of course uh you know
uh they say okay perfect it's too much
money for myself okay I do understand
but before let's say before you went
through the finances all right what they
spending or everything and then you give
them a clear understanding because
they're not clear about the spend money
they think the $70 a week is too much
but they spend 150 on stuff that don't
make sense okay that's how people
uh especially if it's moxy. All right,
so you just had to be able to lay them
out for themselves, right? That's that's
that's the cost of it. Okay, that if is
the money is the issue, I'm willing to
help you out to figure out a way for
make it possible. So, um couple of
minutes ago, you explaining your
finances and you told me that you
spending let's say $100 on food that do
you reckon is going to be necessary in
this program? Not really. Okay, perfect.
Let's get out of the way. So, if you get
the $100 out and let's say you buy food
that can be helpful, but you spend $50,
then you have other $50 remaining. Now,
let's go to the alcohol. Like, do you
rely going to have time to to spend
money for alcohol in a program that
makes you lose weight? Well, not really,
but I want to still want to keep it.
Yes, of course. So, it's going to be a
Saturday and Sunday thing. Yes. Not an
everyday thing. Yes. There you go. So I
want to give you the possibility to see
behind just the money and what and all
then I do the connection. So I ask them
okay so what this program does give you
uh yeah you know it does give me the
possibility thank you okay so let's do
it I always close an objection not with
a question or with a statement then was
like let's do it because I have to push
them in. if I don't push them in.
With fitness, it's not like it's it's
much less nuanced than with like a real
high ticket. You do have to at some
stage take charge of that person because
like everything that they're doing is
causing them to not want to do this.
Like if we're asking for people's money,
their time, for them to go without
things they enjoy and for them to be in
physical pain, right? So there's every
barrier you could possibly imagine in
the way of a fitness sale. And so what
we want to do is we need to make it make
a lot of sense to them. Do a huge cost
of an action. Get the real why and then
break and then pre-handle the
objections, time, money, and partner.
Make it urgent by really having the
value and that cost of an action piece.
Then from there, we need to put our big
boy pants on and we need to like coach
these people through that. Like whereas
with other forms of sales, you don't
want to do any coaching. But sometimes
with fitness, you have to coach them.
and be like, "Dude, as a coach, if I let
you get off this time," and sometimes
it's good in the beginning of the call
to ask for permission to be a coach.
Hey, man. Like, you know, just so you
know, on this co on this call, like if
is if you are you okay with me kind of
like being fairly upfront and
challenging you a bit? Because like my
goal here is to see if I can help you.
And if I see things or hear things that
I know are going in direct contradiction
to what it is you want to achieve, are
you okay with me kind of pointing them
out in a polite way?
Yeah. All right. Perfect.
It's about getting permission to do
those things the whole way through. And
then when you when you do the whole like
lifestyle factors thing and you you get
that money out of them, you want to get
like an inrincipal agreement like, "All
right, cool. So, this is what you're
doing. This, this, this, this, and this.
Are you okay with possibly reducing or
cutting out some or all of those things
to make your goal a reality?" Yes, I am.
Okay. But why? Right? So, now you've got
like an inrincipal agreement halfway
through the call that they're willing to
cut those things out. So then when you
come to the objection handling, you
know, they've already given you, they've
already said they're going to cut it
out. Now, the chances are they're not
thinking it out at the top of their
head, but if you just remind them, hey,
this is what we said, you're like, all
right, cool. All right, cool, man. Let's
do it.
Let's say let's say that you're not a
guy that wants to go into the cost per
one and you you that you have to be able
to put yourself in a level where you are
more a big ego on the code. And what I
will do that is I will trust statements
which
if you cannot do it is better but if is
the only way for you to sell that you
have to be
I'll preface that. So like the way that
we would sell fitness or the way that
like we used to sell like there's
different levels of salespeople, right?
So and like to sell the way that we sell
now takes years of experience and
practice. So us teaching that is
irrelevant. It's like it's like it's
like teaching someone how to do a snatch
who's never lifted weights before. It's
just a waste of time, right? So, but
there's progressions, right? So, and as
you start looping through those
progressions, you start getting slicker
and more subtle. And the more subtle and
elegant you get, the more people you
close and they end up thanking you for
it, right? But in the beginning, you
have to be able to challenge and coach
people through it, especially when it
comes to weight loss
because like they're fat, they're
unhappy, and you have to remember every
single decision they make around health
and fitness is wrong and terrible
because they're fat, they're unhappy,
right? So like it's not until or they're
just unhealthy and they feel [ __ ] all
the time. They wake up tired, they go to
bed [ __ ] exhausted, like they're just
terrible, right? So, we have to get them
out of that and we have to be the the
little pattern interrupt in their life
that gets them to actually [ __ ] do
something.
And I want to say and I want to say
these things and most of most of people
are not willing to go the extra mile in
fitness. That means that you're not
willing to overcome the objection, but
you're not doing any favor to them.
Okay? You're not doing any favor by not
be able to confronting them on the issue
that you do have. And I remember I
always got this line which is like I've
been using which is like I don't like I
do understand
that it's might be too expensive for
yourself and I don't expect you to pay
297 if you don't have it but what you do
have right now is an issue and if you
want to solve that issue you have to be
able to do something about it because
let me tell you the downsides of that.
If you're not solving the issue and
you're not going to take action in a
month time, a week time, two month time,
you're still going to be in the same
position that you are. And are you
willing to take that risk? So that's the
confronting one and you have to be able
to do it just if you be really
confronting from the start of it. You
can't switch on going report kind of
person which you know like being nice
and switching on that. You have to be
able to be willing to push from the
start.
Be clinical, right? If a doctor
prescribed you take a medication, you
said no,
they would just go what are you talking
about?
Like how how like like what are you
going to fix it with voodoo and
crystals? Like let's get this done. You
know what I mean? There has to be an
element of I okay, I understand where
you're coming from. However, like is
that coming from a shitty mindset or is
that coming from like logistics? If it's
logistics, let me help with like let me
work with you. Would would it be easier
if I broke it down into a payment plan?
Would that be easier for you? Yes. Okay,
perfect. You want to talk about that?
Okay, great. Let's do that. Right. If
it's just like if it's mindset, let's
talk like how long have you been
thinking of doing this? Okay. Well,
what's going to be different over the
next three months if you don't do
anything? Nothing's going to be
different. Are you willing to settle for
that?
And I think something that you teach me
when we first started working together
is like really
telling people like you can grow in life
if you make decision in bas where you
are right now but you have to make
decision in bas where you want to be.
That's something that you have to be
able to teach them on the call that it's
not about now but you have to have the
mindset of someone that is already in
shape for start the program. Otherwise
any kind of techniques that you get will
be completely unsuccessful
and you have to make them commit and ask
why they want to commit on that.
Yeah. Today is the day that you become a
fit person trapped in a fat person's
body.
Yeah. And like you know most of the
times for people that maybe going to
watch this video and it's like those
guys talk like gurus. You have to be
able to be that kind of guru for them on
that call because for them is a big
step. for people for some for a lady
that like I had in the past sold to lady
that wanted to lose 20 kilo they've been
overweight for 20 years okay and that's
a big step for a person really big steps
and we've sold together we've sold
probably 10,000 fitness programs like
this is not from a lack of experience
this is smiling and dialing for years
and selling 28 days 16 week 26 week 19
you [ __ ] name it 3 week one week you
name it man we've sold
And uh it's all over the phone, all paid
over the phone. And like man, with
fitness, there is no there well
with the way that you need to sell to
begin with. There's no second bite of
the cherry. With the way that we sell
now, there definitely is. But there are
just different ways of doing things at
different levels of where you need to
go. And the guys watching this, they're
probably at the level that we're talking
about, which is like you need to be able
to push, right? There is no second bite
at this cherry. someone who says, "Yeah,
sounds great. Call me back in two days."
They're not going to buy off you.
Yeah.
Unless you do everything perfectly and
you really know how to handle that
situation.
Then, you know, but for these types of
programs, there's nothing to think
about. They're three weeks, they're five
weeks, they're six weeks, they're nine
weeks, they're 12 weeks. Like, there's
they're not a huge investment either way
of either time or money. So, like these
are these are we need to get them over
the line. We need to understand why
because the only thing that's stopping
them from going over the line is either
one, they just don't have the money.
two, they just do not see the value in
doing it with you. Or three, they're
just [ __ ] in people who are just
terrified of actually starting because
God forbid they actually get a result,
you know,
and don't don't be afraid to ask. It's
like, okay, perfect. Let's understand
what's stopping you to start. Let's put
money aside. Let's put everything aside.
Is it something to do with you? And most
likely, you will get like, I'm afraid to
fail. And that is something that you are
in charge of. make them commit to
change. You should have done it on the
start of the call, but if you are
getting at the end, you're still in a
good place to do it, but you just need
to be able to be a coach. What you've
been hired to do
from the start.
Well,
that's the great thing about selling
coaching is that you can coach people.
Yeah. Like when when it all comes down
to it and you know you need to objection
handle or you know you can go through
whatever tactics you want but at the end
of the day you can just go hey man like
can I just give you some coaching on
this like like is like is if I put my
coach's hat on for a minute like is that
okay? Go yeah go dude everything you're
saying just totally misalign with
everything you're doing and like I need
to help us both figure out the best way
forward for you. And if it's me, that's
awesome. But if it's not, that's cool,
too. But there needs to be a pathway
forward for these reasons. Like you you
want to be successful. Yeah. You want to
do it. Yeah. Well, you're making
decisions based off who you are. And
every single thing you do is keeping you
exactly where you are. So if you want to
change, something has to change. And it
can change now. It can change in three
months. It can change in five years.
Right? But told me, do you want to
change? Yes. Why?
Or for these reasons. Okay. Why now?
Okay.
So, where do you like how do you want to
proceed from here, man? Because there's
only two options. Like, you know, we we
can move forward or we can't. And like
either way is fine, man. I just want you
to do the best thing for you. But like
when you go to bed tonight,
do you do you go to bed with the
knowledge that we have a plan in place
and that we're actually starting to do
something or that everything's just the
same as what it is right now? Also there
is no followups in those type call. I
can count on my hands how many people
call me back or how many people we did
schedule a call and we close them after
that.
So don't
don't believe in thousand. It's one in a
thousand.
Push until you can. You think is ethical
for you and don't be afraid of what you
say. Just trying to be as ethical and
reasonable that you can be.
Yeah. And it all come it's all got to
come from a good place. If it's coming
from the place of you want to make the
sale, it's going to come off shitty. If
it's coming from the place where you
genuinely want to help and you're like,
"Hey, man, if I can help you overcome
this, awesome. If I can't, that's that's
my bad. That's on me."
You know, like, let's work through it.
And I'll put in in the in this next tab,
I'll put in like a a 20 minute
conversation of me objection handling
someone in that particular style. And
it'll it'll make it all kind of make
sense. enough of the I think the other
one which is the 30% is the time and uh
that the time is a little bit
complicated if you don't know how to
handle it because you want to check if
the if is the time is just a lie or if
it's actually the right time for them
and I explain you what I mean you always
like you yeah it's a good fit for me I'm
a person that wants to go 100% but I
don't think it's the right time for
myself so what I go is I always ask all
I understand it's not the right time for
yourself, but let's say does this
product get you what you want? Yes. Can
you afford it? Like can you actually
afford the product? Like is it something
that
uh you something that you want to do
something in your pocket? It's like yes,
perfect. So when do you re will be the
right time for yourself?
I like oh next month. Okay. What's going
to change from now until next month
realistically? like ah you know I'm
going to be able to move uh house and
you know I've got some stuff to kind of
sort out in the middle that's there you
want them to
you want to really make them understand
the important of the lifestyle rather
than just the program so what I do is
like listen realistically
today and tomorrow you're going to move
a house next week you might move job
next month you probably need to fix your
door. There is always something to do in
life. It's not important what you have
right now. What's important is how can
you cooperate with all things in life
and make it successful? So, do you want
to be successful or you want to delay
all the time?
Which one you want to be? A or B? So,
put them in front of a decision because
it's never the right time. The right
time for a person doesn't exist.
Yeah, I think I think like understanding
the absurdity of the argument is really
is really important. So like you know if
you can kind of blow it up a little bit
like if someone's still pushing back and
be like all right cool man. So like you
know why don't we do it in July. Um I
mean there's the 4th of July so we we we
need to wait till after that. So why
don't we do you know like mid July? Is
that enough time? And then, you know, I
know I've got my cousin's wedding in
July, so like we we can do August, you
know, but then yeah, [ __ ] man. Like,
August is always crazy. Changing in
seasons, you know, work's busy. We can
do September. September's September is a
good time to start. But, you know, it is
my wife's birthday in September.
Um, why don't we just do January?
Yeah.
So it it sounds crazy for someone that
doesn't doesn't sell fitness. Are we
talking about this stuff?
It's very specific to fitness. These are
real fitness problems. But I've done
that a bunch of times and like because
I' I've literally had people in my
follow-up for two years like where I've
like literally just out of pure like
this is going to make me laugh and I've
followed up with them every month for
two years. And every month for two years
they told me that next month was the
month.
Yeah. And I said, 'You know, this is the
17th time you've told me that. Anyway,
catch you next month, buddy.
They still pick up and it's like, hey,
number 18, how we going? This is the
18th month you put it off. Are we going
to do this or what? You know, and it's
it's [ __ ] hilarious and that's just
the way it is.
Also, what I can advise is always have
your personal trade when you overcome
objection. I'm going to be more specific
about these things. When you overcome an
objection have to be personal to
yourself. So you have to put yourself in
the pens of how many times in your life
you say next week, next month, next year
and what it bring you to because like
this you know the pain of do of them
missing out on that like I've been like
this in the past when I was 15 16 17
like I'll do it next week 12 that bring
me to not be able to be better. I should
become better faster. So that's the
trade that I bring to myself. It's like
all right, I don't want them to make the
same mistake that I've been through
and that's why I challenge them a lot.
You have to be like that. You have you
have to know the importance of not doing
that. I think I think it's
Yeah. Because if you're someone who puts
things off, it's very difficult to
authentically convince people to do
[ __ ] And if you are that kind of person
and then you have to be able to build an
outer ego
of you when you when you sell it because
otherwise you're never going to be
capable. You're always going to be the
guy like oh next week. Yeah. Yeah. Next
week I'll call you next week.
Yeah. It's like being a fat PT. It
doesn't work. You can be a fat personal
trainer. You just can't sell weight
loss. You can sell powerlifting. You
know what I mean? Like you know but if
you're going to sell like getting
shredded and you're 30 kilos overweight.
It's just like it's inauthentic. It's
[ __ ] You know what I mean? So
I I want to ask you a question though
because you got more experience than me.
If you would have to go back,
how would you have approached the
handling objection side of our sales
calls? At that
I would have done it totally
differently. I would have done the way
that we teach in fitness is relatively
combative, which I think is okay because
it's it's an easy way to learn. It's an
it's an easier way. the way way that I'm
teaching people like in this course,
people watching this right now, it's
super effective and it's really good,
but it's like it's stage one. You know
what I mean? It's stage one of like this
is what you need to do to get the job
done. But like because the best way of
doing it takes months and months and
months of in-depth one-on-one coaching,
which costs tens of thousands of
dollars, right? So, when you get to a
point where that's worthwhile doing,
then do it. Right? you know, to learn
the way that I objection handle now, it
cost me 30 grand in oneonone coaching,
right? Like to learn the styles and
techniques that I learn and teach people
today, like I had to put some serious
[ __ ] money down. Um, so like if I
went back and did it the way that I did
it now, like it would be totally
different. I'd probably have 20 minute
phone calls that have no objections,
you know? Like it just wouldn't. But
like in saying that, that's, you know,
10,000 memberships ago and probably 10
million worth of high ticket coaching
ago. You know what I mean? So like it's
it's just a different ballgame. But I
would say I'd probably I probably, you
know, if I went back and I used similar
tactics, I wouldn't be as good because
I'd be softer on people. So I think the
way we did it was super effective and I
wouldn't probably wouldn't change
anything. I mean, I would get 500 leads
and make 220 sales, you know, and I do
that in a month. I sold 167 memberships
in 19 days by myself. [ __ ]
you know, and and so like like [ __ ] I
don't know. It was like nine a day. It's
ridiculous. Um
crazy.
I got my record was 14 in one day.
That's something.
Yeah, exactly.
And still like still no money. But
anyway, but yeah,
you know, I know and also I want to say
these things because I got to go. I got
a sales call in two minutes and everyone
everyone is watching this we're doing
this within codes so we're really rough
in the way how we structure is that you
have to build volume that where what I
mean by that is if you dial a lot that
you you listen to that objection all the
times and you're ready to go for it but
if you going from uh sleeping playing
doing a couple of calls you're never
going to be a successful salesman for
what you're doing right now.
You have to be dialed dialed in. You
have to be switched on because it's a
game. It's a chess game. You need seen
it and picture yourself in that way
because you have to be able have to be
ready to make the first move which
doesn't mean that you have to talk first
or talk over people. That means that you
have to be able to to look certain. You
look certain if you're ready. That's the
main advice that I can give to whoever.
I used to do if I knew I did a $100 in a
day, I knew I would at the very worst
make two sales.
So for me, it was like, okay, if I have
to make two a day, if I have to do 10
15, if I have to do 10 or 12 a week, I
just know that if I make if I make 200,
if I make $100 every day, I know that
I'll get two sales. I I could get two
sales in in five dials, right? And then
it's like, sweet, I can either take the
day off or I can keep dialing and bank
up, right? But I knew that at the very
worst $100 would equal like at least 10
pickups. And from 10 pickups, I'd have
six conversations. Six conversations, I
knew I'd get two sales. Like at the very
So it's just a numbers game. And it was
just like that's what I have to do.
That's what I have to do. And the only
thing I could affect was the dial and
the close rate. Everything else was up
to chance,
you know.
Gotta go, Matt. I got right now. Thank
you.
Thanks, bro. Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
All right, guys. That was that. Marco,
fitness uh salesman extraordinaire, uh
used to sell about 140 memberships a
month, every single month into both a
four and 16 week transformation
challenge. I hope that was helpful to
you guys. It wasn't super structured,
but like man, I think that that uh it
speaks a lot about how to actually
handle objections.
