All right, we are live. So, uh people may show up during this live stream or recording, um but for this training, um I want to show you how to build a multi-million dollar Close CRM account. Now, we're Close CRM's number one partner. We've been building Close CRM accounts for a long, long time. We do a lot of HubSpot stuff as well.
Um but I want to share with you all the general structure that any Close CRM account should use, and then we'll also do a HubSpot uh basically build so that regardless if you're a founder, you're a sales manager, a sales director, you're a sales rep on an offer or a setter, uh you should be able to see how this structure should actually be set up, and then you can recommend to your team or your own organization, you can go structure your Close CRM this way.
So, let me go ahead. I'm going to share my screen here, and we are going to open up Close CRM. Uh hopefully you guys you guys can see this on the recording. So, uh right here, we have our RevPilot demo account, okay? And um the first thing we want to do in any CRM build is make sure that we have a very clear understanding of our our sales process as a whole.
So, if we come into um the whiteboards here, give me 1 second. I want to pull up um the actual whiteboards uh that we build for every single client. If you guys haven't done this, I highly, highly recommend that you guys um go in and start to build out um a a process map before you do anything else.
One of the number one problems that we see inside of organizations uh when we come in is that this never existed. So, what we've done is just built a sales process by the bolting things onto it, okay? So, when we look at this, now this is a HubSpot process map um built inside of ClickUp, um but if I zoom in here, you can see it's a very clear on the sales pipeline stages, the properties by stage, the activity breakdowns, the the workflow logic, right? Every single piece of this exists, and then we have the whole process map. Now, we also have
one for Close CRM specifically. Let me go ahead and see if I can get that one pulled up. >> [clears throat] >> Should be in here. Let's see. Yep, here we go. So, I don't know why that title wasn't there, but um we can see how, you know, we basically have the entire thing mapped out.
So, we have an opt-in, then we have an 01 new activity. I'm going to explain what the new activity is. We have a lead scoring, right? That is going to happen, and essentially they're going to end up in one of three places. They have a closer call booked, they have a triage call booked, or a call uh not booked, right? And then after each of these, we show which step actually happens.
Now, this can be extremely basic or extremely complex. When we work with larger organizations, uh we usually spend almost a month mapping out every automation that they have, every step of the process, how they communicate and talk with each other, okay? So, the first thing would be to map your sales process even at a high level and start there.
Uh and then we'll get into actually, you know, Close CRM itself uh right now, so we can go look at this. Now, if we [clears throat] open up our demo account, everything that we do is structured off of custom activities. Now, in Close CRM, the reason we use these is that it allows us to filter so effectively through our data whenever we need to.
So, um we can see here, we have 01 contact made. Now, that's going to be utilized in a situation where you're doing a lot of outbound dialing. Maybe they didn't even opt in, you're cold calling, right? We want to make sure that when a contact is made, we understand what happened on that contact. So, we have the date of the contact that we're going to select.
We have the owner, so what user, what sales rep actually uh completed that call. Now, this isn't anytime we make a dial. This is anytime we have a pickup that's usually more than 2 minutes, so we have an actual conversation, right? A triage call, if you will. So, then we have notes, and then we have next steps.
Under next steps, we get to choose exactly what these are. So, we have follow up, nurture, schedule call, or send contract. Your organization may be different, uh but we want to make sure that we're tracking how many contracts are actually made. Cuz then we can look at how many dials were made to how many contacts were made, and we can see that actual conversion, right? Uh and then we can also look at the outcome of that contact made, so we can understand uh you know, what the actual uh of the connections, how many resulted in a follow up, how many resulted uh in
a booked call. Now, new activity is going to be uh any form submissions, so you can see activity type, we have like email reply, VSL opt-in, website form completion, whatever that may be for your sales process. This is going to be any front-end actions that are actually taken, and then we have the date of that activity, okay? Something to note here is we always, always, always want to make sure that we use a drop-down select.
That way uh we don't have a text field. We don't have a bunch of random things inside of there. So, make sure you're utilizing the drop-down select. Uh this also should be automated. You see this little robot icon here. So, that should be fired off from uh whatever it may be, Typeform, Jotform, ClickFunnels, right? Whatever your opt-in is.
Now, new purchase is going to be for low ticket. So, here at RevPilot, we run a low ticket offer. So, new purchases are going to come in. Every different type of purchase is going to come in as a new purchase. So, we have date purchase, we have the product, and then we have the actual amount, okay? So, pretty straightforward there.
Uh now, as we move into these, we can see triage call booked, completed, not completed, and then we have strategy session booked, completed, not completed. So, on these, again, we want to make sure that we always have at least three fields. That would be the date of the activity, the lead owner, like you have to have those two, and then usually you want uh the date of like the upcoming action.
So, for strategy session booked, you can see we have closer lead owner, the user. We have the date booked, and then we have the date of the call. The difference between these two is date booked is the date of activity. So, if I booked a call today, and I the call is for Friday, that would be the difference.
So, this is automated as soon as, you know, they submit I closed or One Sub or whatever booking form you're actually using. We're going to go ahead and submit this activity, okay? So, as soon as we have uh let's say a strategy session booked activity. Now, the reason we have these two, >> [clears throat] >> I'll show you the smart views and break down that in a second, um but essentially the sales reps' job is just to fill out a completed or not completed activity.
Not completed, super straightforward, closer lead owner, date of call, and then the reason. Why was it not completed? Bad data, canceled, no show, rescheduled, okay? Now, the reason we use these custom activities is because when you filter inside of Close CRM, you can see, and let me minimize Fathom there. So, you you can see that we have these right here, and we can easily just go count all of these activities.
So, we can see how many strategy sessions booked exist. Well, we can see exactly how many exist inside of here. We can also filter by the date of the call. So, how many calls we have last week? How many do we have this week? Um we can also look at, okay, of the booked calls, how many were not completed? So, we can filter, and we can see three out of the six were not completed.
Um so, pretty straightforward there. Um but that is the reason why we use custom activities. Uh that and it makes sure that we're getting the same information every single time an action is actually taken, okay? Now, I mentioned smart views, and this is a big one regardless if you're using HubSpot or Close CRM. Smart views should act as buckets.
And the idea of a bucket is that we have process checks, and we have uh like dialing smart views, we have all these other things, okay? Now, a bucket should empty itself upon a proper action being taken. What I mean by that? A lot of you have a list view in HubSpot or a smart view in Close CRM with a just a list of information.
You just have a bunch of people on it, okay? The problem with that is if we're doing follow ups, for example, as a sales rep, I have to click on it, go to that lead, do my action, click back, and then go to the next lead. The problem is now I don't know who I've already reached out to, who I haven't. If I have a list of 30 people in there, I have to like try to remember like, oh yeah, I went through this person, I didn't go through this person, okay? So, to reduce that completely, the entire goal here typically is going to be reducing the creative burden that a
sales rep has. So, when we want to reduce that creative burden for a sales rep, we essentially are going to create a bucket. Now, if we look at this dial party smart view, this is an example of a bucket. So, right here, we have new activity, and then we get to select activity type. Let's just select like VSL opt-in.
So, [clears throat] you can see all the opt-ins will come into the system. We have a bucket here. Now, there is not a strategy session booked activity, meaning that uh we haven't already booked a call with them, so they need to be in here. We need to call these leads. We also have a couple other filters.
So, we're going to use something like latest communication date is not any of incoming. So, if it's sitting in our inbox already because they replied to a text message, we don't want to include that person in here. Uh next up is date of communication is not today, right? Now, if you want to call every 3 hours, for example, and you're not using dialer.
io, I would filter for outbound call instead of this communication date, right? Cuz this is any communication today. But if you want to do outbound call specifically, you can use outbound feature there. And then we have current status is not any of bad fit, student, bad data, do not call. Those are your basic lead statuses that we want to filter for.
Now, you can also add, obviously, the local time in here for that. You can add whatever else you want, but as you can see, if I start dialing these leads, they will start to disappear. As soon as I book a call, they're going to disappear. As soon as I make a call, they're going to disappear. And then you can do like total outbound calls.
So, maybe we want to limit the number of times that we actually call these people. So, um If we type in calls, we can say number of outbound calls is less than eight, okay? Or nine. So, that is the idea of a bucket. We can use buckets for anything. We can use them for follow-up, we can use them for proposals, right? So, how would you use it for a proposal? Well, essentially, we're going to have a custom activity for proposal sent, and then we're going to have an activity for proposal completed, okay? So, what we're going to do with our smart view is we're going to
say, "Hey, if a proposal sent activity exists, and a proposal completed activity does not exist, and there has been no communication within the last 3 days, put this lead on the smart view." Now, [clears throat] for a sales rep, all I have to do is either complete the proposal or make a dial to that person, and they'll disappear until 3 days later, and they're going to come right back.
So, you can see how the bucket system is going to optimize that sales process as as much as humanly possible, and reduce any thinking that needs to happen. Now, something else is really important here on the left-hand side. You can see how beautifully these are ordered and numbered. And we use emojis, we keep them super clean.
Here for this, we just create a smart view, and then just, you know, just put a crazy filter on it, like whatever you want. You can do meeting equals, you know, ggggg, name equals something, and then just name it, so you can use that as a separator, okay? You can actually drag and drop these up and down, so that's how we separate those.
I would recommend screenshotting this and providing it to your team and saying, "Hey, yours needs to look like this." And if it doesn't, um then fix it. A lot of times we go in, there's like a hundred different smart views. No one knows what they're actually being used for, and it's just a complete mess, okay? Now, the next type of smart view that you want to focus on, aside from buckets, is going to be process checks.
So, you can see here we have this needs post-call activity smart view. And essentially, what we're saying is give me everyone where a strategy session booked activity exists. So, a booked call exists. And the date of the call was in the past, right? So, on here, we would add a filter for the date of the call. And I'm actually just going to delete this so you can see.
So, custom activity, strategy session booked exists, date of call is before today. So, we're basically saying, every time there is a sales call that was before today, we can assume that there should be a strategy session completed or a strategy session not completed activity on there, okay? So, if there is not, then we know we need to go submit that.
So, a manager view would be like this, where we're going to bubble up all of these leads that should have had an activity completed that doesn't have an activity completed, and we can quickly have a conversation and see who is a repeat offender in that situation. Now, more importantly, for the actual sales reps, we will just add here the filter for closer lead owner is any of me.
So, for closers, we're going to be able to see all of my leads that I did not submit the proper activity for, okay? So, relatively straightforward there, but you understand, hopefully, the idea of a process check. We want to make sure we're able to check the work of the sales reps anytime they actually do this, okay? So, opportunities should essentially match your custom activities.
So, they should have almost a one-to-one relationship. We can see here we have potential, TC booked, TC completed, TC not completed, SS booked, SS not completed, SS completed, deal won, deal lost, okay? Now, if you don't see these two when you add your opportunity pipelines or stages, make sure you come over to options and toggle on all statuses instead of active only, all right? Now, in the pipelines, we usually use three pipelines.
We have a finance pipeline, a product pipeline, and a sales pipeline. The product pipeline is going to be any front-end products that you have. This is super helpful for creating dialing smart views and making sure we're able to reach out to the leads. And then a finance pipeline is going to be for initial payment, installment pending, installment paid, installment overdue, blacklisted, etc.
, etc. So, when a lead is created, we're only going to have one opportunity. We're going to have this opportunity right here in the sales pipeline. Now, if I submit a deal won activity, what we're going to have is a second opportunity [clears throat] being created, and that is going to be in the finance pipeline.
So, that is going to be initial payment, right? So, on here, we can see the initial payment amount was $5,000 out of 10,000. That means the initial payment one is going to be 5,000, and that's going to reside in the actual finance pipeline cuz that's what we actually collected, okay? I have a whole video on YouTube if you guys want to check out my channel that explains this specific process, which is tracking payments inside the pipeline.
This is something that Pace Morby and Jamil Damji ran off of this system for many, many years. So, it works at scale. Um it actually is the reason why it was created, because when we hit scale, you it essentially broke, right? There was too many automations and stuff, so it went back to the manual process, um but we'll leave that for another training.
So, uh we've covered, obviously, smart views. You you you have a good idea, probably, of of what is in here. We have today's calls, dial party, uncontacted, overdue follow-up, um manager smart views, new leads, space calls, TC needs post-call activity, SS needs post-call activity. Those are process check ones, overdue opportunities, etc.
Biggest thing, just make sure you name them effectively. For sales reps, we like to put them in order of importance by numbering, so that they know which ones they should be actually using, uh something else I want to talk about inside the closed account, um and any CRM, for that matter, is we don't want to go crazy with our statuses, all right? A lot of companies we come into, we have like 20, 30, 40 statuses.
You can see any account that we're going to build is only going to have about eight. So, we have potential, qualified, not qualified, bad fit, not interested, student, bad data, do not call. Now, we could even say that not interested and bad fit should be one, right? So, we can combine those two, and we have one less lead status.
Over here, we have opportunity and pipeline statuses. You can see that we have the pipeline here, so we have sales, finance, and product, and each of those inside of here, okay? Now, something else I want to throw in here as kind of a bonus part of this training is the new workflow features. So, when we're creating workflows, something that is a really, really cool feature that a lot of people are not using.
I actually just made a video on this yesterday. Uh is we have a call event trigger. So, previously, if you wanted to send a text message, for example, when you made a dial, you had to manually send a text message, but we don't have to do that anymore. So, let's say we want to send a text message every time we make a dial to help increase that pickup rate if you're not using dialer.io, which you should be.
Uh but if we come into call event, we can trigger this off of, for example, let's do direction is any of outgoing, and dialed from smart view is any of, let's do our dial party smart view, right? So, when an outgoing call is made to from this, and then let's say duration is less than 30 seconds, or let's say 1 minute, right? So, now, anytime there's a call that's less than 1 minute, we can assume that was a voicemail or a no pickup, and the direction was outgoing, and it was called from that specific smart view, we're going to trigger this
workflow, okay? So, we hit done there. And then we can add whatever we want. So, we can add a call step, we can add an SMS step, we can add an email step, we can assign a user, we can do a task, like whatever you want. You can even update the lead, right? So, what we're going to do is we're going to do an SMS, and then we're just going to pick one of our templates, right? For example, let's just use this as an example.
Is this the best best number to reach it? Is this the best number to reach you for our scheduled appointment time, right? So, obviously, you wouldn't send that if you're making an outbound dial, but you can get the point. So, now, every single time a call is made, we have an automatic automated text message sent out.
This is something you could not previously do in Close CRM. So, it is super, super helpful that they have these new workflows. Now, if you haven't checked out all of the potential workflows, they've updated this a lot. So, we have contact [clears throat] events, we have opportunity events, we have custom activity events. So, for example, if a deal won activity is submitted, maybe we want to trigger an onboarding email and SMS to go out from Close CRM.
Whatever you want, you can do it now. You can also update opportunities, which is really, really cool, because we couldn't do that before. So, let's just say trigger manually and then we can go here. We have a create opportunity step so we can actually create opportunities based on that lead being created. So, this will save you a little bit on your Zapier cost that you previously couldn't do.
Now, let's go over to reports real quick. And they're actually working on a lot of cool reporting features for Close CRM. But, there's some things in here that we use that no one else really even knows about. One of these is the calls section. So, if we come into calls, one thing I want to see as a leader inside of a sales organization or as a sales operator, whatever it may be, is how consistently are sales reps actually making dials during the day? A lot of times, and this is another problem that dialer solves, but if
you're not using dialer, a lot of times you're maybe wondering what your setters are actually doing or your closers are actually doing. So, a lot of times and if you're a setter or closer watching this, it's my be a good reminder. We we don't typically want to see someone come into work and like hit the phones, dial really hard for 30 minutes and then do nothing for 3 hours and then maybe a quick burst again and then before the end of the day.
What we really don't want to see is doing virtually nothing all day and in the last hour of the day you freak out and go make all your dials, right? Because people are available at different times throughout the day. We want a nice consistent line throughout the day of dials. So, as a leadership team or you as a sales rep can come in here.
So, you go to calls and then you want to go by user. So, let's go to user. Or sorry, calls by date and then we want to go over here, break this down by user and then we want to drop this down and go to today. Okay? Now, let me go to an account that actually probably has some dials in it. Let's go look at let's see here.
Um Trying to think of who would have some dials in here. Most of these teams are like inbound teams. But, calls date by user, let's go last month just to [clears throat] broaden this. So, there you go. So, you can see all of these calls inside of here. So, now if I go to a specific day, you can see how many dials are being made throughout the day, which is really really useful information if you have outbound dialing team inside of here.
Okay? Something else that a lot of people don't know exist is they go to the status change report and they're like, "Yeah, it doesn't really tell me anything beneficial." Well, you can actually break these out. So, if if you click on these, let's go all time on this just to give it as much data as possible. So, when we come in all time, we can see status is demo call, demo no offer, etc.
So, we can actually break this out. So, I can look at triage call. So, all the opportunities that were set as triage call, we can see it was created, set in the triage call booked, and then we can see where it actually ended up, right? So, where was the final resting place, which is pretty cool.
A lot of people don't even know these graphs exist. For some people it's going to be useful, some people it's not. Sometimes you get this super complex thing. We are working with Close to help improve this, but just some additional reporting features that you guys might not know of. Now, something else that I like to look at, probably the most common, is I go to activity comparison, right? Let's go back to our demo. This is fine.
So, activity comparison, we can see here we have certain activities. I usually come over here to this little guy and then we want to set certain things. So, typically we're going to do the average duration, the number of total outbound calls. We're going to do emails sent. I usually do manual though, sent manually.
Um uncheck received and then I come in here, SMS sent I want to look at and then we can see, you know, one, value one, etc. And then we can add whatever custom activities we want, etc. etc. So, maybe you have that contact made activity that we sent earlier. Um but in short, you're going to be able to see all of this information really easily right here.
Okay? So, other than that, I mean that's a pretty good breakdown of, you know, an account inside of Close CRM. I cannot reiterate the importance of taking the time to map out a project before you start it. If you already have a CRM, take some time to like identify how a lead's coming in, where it's going. You will find these just holes in your sales process where you're like, "Wait a second, what happens if they do this? Where does that lead go?" And a lot of times you guys don't need more leads. You just need to do better
with the leads that you already have. You know, you just got these huge gaping holes inside of your sales process that are just letting leads slip through. So, go tighten up those things. I hope this video is helpful. I hope it shows you how to really structure a Close CRM account for success inside of your organization.
If you guys are still watching this and and you have questions, comments, or concerns, feel free to reach out in the community to me. You can also check out our YouTube channel. It's just my name. So, if you just look us up on YouTube, we have tons of videos breaking down all of this for sales process. But, I hope it's I hope it adds some value to you regardless of what role you have inside of the organization.
And we will see you next time. Cheers.
