Hey, what's up Connor? I don't know if you can hear me on your end. Hey, Ron. What's up, man? What's up, man? Is it just us? Uh so far. We start at 11:00, so we got a little bit of time, but Oh, okay. Cool. The way this session works is we work on uh mindset problems of the mind and how we overcome them for sales and performance, so Mhm.
I'm happy to jump right in if you got anything that you want to work on or talk about in your sales game that you could use some help on. Um that's what I can do for you. Yeah. Awesome, man. Awesome. Yeah, cuz I just joined um um Matt's program like a a week ago, so Nice. Yeah, pretty excited. It's so much value going through everything. It's awesome.
It's a little overwhelming at times, right? Yeah, yeah, but it's it's awesome, man. It's like a gold mine. Um but yeah, so I yeah, luckily this one I'm in Australia, so this is one of the only ones that works pretty well with my time zone other than Jack. But um yeah, so mindset's probably the big thing for me personally I'm trying to focus on the last few weeks at least.
Um cuz I I've been just to give you a bit of a rundown. I've been in sales maybe just a bit a bit over a year now. I started out I was doing door-to-door actually selling solar. Nice. And then I've transitioned into high ticket in the last five or six months. Nice. So I've just been sitting. And um I I I did did decently.
The offer took a bit of turns, but I don't know like it got to a point where I got super comfortable because I started making more with like less effort online than I did knocking doors. Yeah, yeah. And it and like I had I so much like I want I want to like I have so many like big aspirations, but like when it came to like I don't know being at home and at the comfort like and I was top set of the last two months.
I got really I don't know. I just got super comfortable. Yeah. >> And I started like being pretty lazy to be honest. I wouldn't like tell myself that, but over this break I've kind of read a bit of Tony Robbins and um try to get myself into it a bit better. Um I don't know. So like I'm not sure about your your background exactly, but if you have any like insights for I guess a a guy like myself to cuz I know I know I have so much more ambitions.
Like I want to go into closing. I want to you know get past you know 10K a month and 20 and all these numbers and stuff, but I feel like I keep letting myself down. And that's something to So um just curious of of when it comes to like that you mentioned that hey uh things were getting easy. Like I was a little more comfortable.
I didn't have to work as hard. I didn't have to go out and knock on doors. I started to step back a little bit. Do you I guess tell me a little bit more about that. Like what's the problem with it being easy? Why is it got to be hard? Um That'd be the first question I'd ask, you know, like what if it was easy, you know? Yeah, no, true. True.
I just feel like there's so much more left on the table for me to for myself to accelerate a lot faster. And in my in my own head like I feel so much better when I actually do give it my all and give a lot of input and work hard compared to how I feel when I do coast long regardless of like my outputs. Like if I you know if that if that makes sense.
I don't know. Like I feel like it doesn't sit right with me that maybe did less than some others, but got better outputs. Mhm. If that makes sense. I totally I just just to repeat that back. So it feels bad that you did better than someone else without as much work as they needed to take. What if you just And give you a reframe on that.
Like what if it's possible that your skill sets have improved that you don't need to work as hard? And that now and now that your skill sets have improved in these areas you can start to apply that extra effort in a new way. You just got to find what that way is. You know what I mean? Yeah, true. Yeah, I'm not like cuz like I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I That's the thing like I guess I was comparing myself to like I guess this like paradox like of things like like kind of compared myself to just a few people
that are on my offer and then like I feel like I'm doing good, but I like I haven't even you know passed like 8K a month yet. And I I don't know. I feel I feel like Just curious. Have you given yourself some like standard around what that performance is like for you? Like like you mentioned having to push hard or work hard.
Like what is that if you were to define it? Yeah, so um I I guess it would more so be input. Like on my offer it's um like there isn't like a uh Like I I guess like a certain amount of like like dials per day and actually hitting that consistently. Mhm. And like what have we've been doing cuz like like we've been tracked by um hours of input per month and then you kind of do it and then I like I I guess at the start of the first few months a lot of us kind of are slower at the start and I guess at the end of the month I start putting in
crazy amounts of hours and kind of burn myself out and it's just like a repeating cycle of the start of every month. Um and I've kind of been doing that like a lot like cuz I I dropped out of uni to go into sales. I would do that in my academics too. I would kind of do it all all the time. So that's a big What do you think Why do you think that is? Cuz you I mean you've done a great job of identifying the pattern, so do you have any if you if you were to ask your if you were to ask your unconscious mind don't even need to think about it just
answer. Like why do you have that pattern? What's it do for you? Like what comes straight to me is I really just think I'm like lazy. And I like just from not even like diving into it more I feel like cuz I know like I'll avoid certain thoughts in my head so I can maybe procrastinate and slack off at the start of the month like knowing that I'm going to be more stressed at the end of the month, but I kind of avoid those thoughts so I can be more comfortable at the beginning of the month. Like that's that's what I do all
the time. I probably not even like consciously thinking about it, but that's probably why I do it. I don't like that I do it. Can I ask you an interesting question? 100%. So you just said that you're lazy. But you also just told me that you dropped out of school so you can start sales and you're making 8K a month.
Are you lazy? Um I feel lazy. I feel I I If I compare myself to I guess if who I used to be I'm I'm not that lazy, but I I definitely feel like I could be doing a lot more than I am. What if you're doing exactly what you need to do? Do you do you see like how we're I'm aware like we're looping around this? Like and just to give you an idea like to give you some background on this.
So what what we're talking about now is we're talking about a like belief system. Mhm. So um beliefs create thoughts. Thoughts create words. Words create action. So if this inherent belief that you just told me is I'm lazy, it's going to seem that those thoughts are going to come up around it. We're going to speak about it and we're going to act about it.
Which would identify your pattern that's happening every month. So what I'd be curious is if you would define for yourself what is lazy and what's not lazy. Cuz I I mean I've talked to a lot of people over the years in what I do and you don't seem very lazy to me. That's right. I mean I to give you an idea of lazy.
I just got a haircut at a barber shop yesterday where the owner literally stopped paying his rent, stopped showing up, and just left the business to die. The hairdressers are taking it over cuz he just doesn't return a phone call. That's pretty lazy. >> Jeez. That is lazy. You know what I mean? So like so in the other thing we we've heard a bunch is comparison.
I would say like who are you comparing to and why? Um A lot of the um like the a lot of the guys I kind of look up to, like my But I I I think this is a good thing though at the same time. Like a lot of the guys I compare myself to in the space, like my um my sales manager who's a huge mentor to me and an influence.
He's only like a year older than me and he got into the We we both from the same place in Australia and um he he did he he did a very very good job and he's you know, he went to you know, 10K a month very fast in 20, 30, 40. Um and I feel like And there's also other closes on the team that have you know, done setting really quickly speed on that and got to really high level and I just think that's super inspirational and super cool and I I don't want to kind of sit back and compare myself to someone else who is nowhere near on that level and kind
of feel like I'm doing good. Mhm. Yeah, no, totally understandable. Does that Does that make sense? Yeah, I am. Kind of. Yeah, and so just I guess you kind of like where I'm where I'm going with this is if you think about it like if you if you have yourself set on this ideal that you're looking for but you're still not sure what you actually want then even once you get to that ideal, you're still going to not feel like you got it.
You know what I mean? So like if you're looking up to the 30, 40K a month and there's a way that you've seen it happen and that's the only way that you think it can happen then even if you get there, but you didn't do it exactly the way that they did it it's not going to feel right. Right. And this is coming from someone who very much came up in the world of like grind, grind, grind and like go, go, go and work 20 hours a day and I've done all that stuff and I can tell you like you don't have to do that to get to 30, 40K
a month. You can if you want, but that's why like what I'm what I'm challenging you on I guess is to define for yourself what is your standard. You know, versus adopting another standard what's the standard for Connor? Mhm. And that's the thing like I I don't necessarily want to cuz like there's guys on the team that have like come on and they've like worked 7 days a week for like months.
Like putting in like you know, 10, 12 hour days and they've got really high which is cool. I I I I I I don't I don't want to do that like all I want to do is you know, work like you know, six six days a week but just be very intentional with my time at work instead of procrastinating. I feel like with the time I have to dedicate to something, like I'm not fully there.
I'm never giving like what I'm paying attention to 100%. Got you. >> Like if if that makes sense. Like when it comes to like doing work, I'm like kind of doing work and then I'm like maybe like like something kind of gets a little bit uncomfortable then I like go on my phone for 10 minutes or something and then I go back to it and and it's just it's just sloppy.
And then when I'm outside of work maybe like in with with in you know, relationships with my partner and stuff like that then I'm kind of like thinking about sales and then slightly doing work like I'm never like 100% in something giving it my all and dedicating my time to which has probably caused a lot of burnout too. Mhm.
I feel like I'm very aware of everything that's going on. I'm just not changing. These patterns. >> So we need some tools, right? Yeah, that would be awesome. So so a couple of things just just from what what I'm hearing and what we're talking about is boundaries. So one boundaries for yourself, but also boundaries for other people as well.
Like for who's going to take your time whether it's a phone or a person or even your the thoughts. So one of the tools that you could use and I'd recommend is when you talked about like your work time like create that space. Like whatever whatever you may need to do to get to that space like I mean for me I like to be in a dark room.
I don't want any distractions, you know, I don't want my phone near me. I put it on silent mode so so I don't get text messages like what are some tools that you can implement in that aspect to be able to focus that mind in? That would be that would be one thing I would do. Is to create your work environment and create your own boundaries.
So that way for you, you know that hey, if I work from I'm going to work today at let's just say 9:00 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. and I'm going to do this many sales calls or I'm going to do this many follow ups and you have that outline then when you hit it like you know you're good. Like that is your quote unquote win like what what's what's it take for today to be a win? The other thing I would do to help the mind write or talk.
Like if you've got thoughts going on, you've got a lot of chatter take a piece of paper. I don't have I got a note card, but take a piece of paper write out all your like write out whatever you're thinking about crumple it up, throw it away. It's like it's a metaphor, but it's literally it's emptying the mind.
Right. So just for like one of the things I'm hearing is that because we're never here, we're always there that when we're actually here our mind is slipping to somewhere else to think about the thing we didn't do. Yes. So if you take some time each day like when that happens just write all that whatever is coming up.
It It doesn't matter. It doesn't If it's gibberish, who cares? Like write it out, throw it away, get the mind clear. You know, like when you talk about having intention like are you setting your intention before you go into your work space? Like these little things that might seem a little like woo woo in terms of mindset, but they really truly work.
It's It's like it's training your mind to behave in the way that you want it to. Mhm. So as you get ready for your work day like you can sit for 2 minutes with yourself and think like here's what I'm going to get do put a timer on, you know, give yourself some work blocks. The other thing that will really help is understanding this idea of concentration and decentration.
So if you're always concentrating think of it like a spiral that's spiraling down. It's a coil that's compacting compressing. If we don't ever take space to allow it to uncompress it will eventually explode out and then you like that's where you get uncomfortable, overwhelmed. I got to go do something. So when you have your work day, how can you break up your work day? So maybe you go for a walk for 10 minutes.
Like these little things that again they seem simple they might seem silly, but they truly will work cuz it allows your mind the freedom to create. Cuz like what you're talking about the cycle of burnout is you're really grinding yourself down, you're compressing. And your lazy isn't lazy. It's just your mind needs rest.
So that's where you're not doing as much so you can finally rest and relax. So when you think about that in a daily pattern is how can you give yourself some of that free space to relax? Maybe it's a walk, maybe it's meditation, you know any of these tools I'm talking about walking, meditation or writing are going to help to relax the mind.
Mhm. And the more that this relaxed, the more it's going to open. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Cuz cuz you're right like you you've you've got the pattern, but like like just take it from me dude, you're not [ __ ] lazy. Like I can promise you that. You're sitting here on a call with me talking about mindset.
99% of the world won't even open their mouth about this stuff, so you're not lazy. Thanks, man. No, but really think of like what are some simple things just implementing those each day and test it. Like I'd I'd be curious in a week if you did that how you feel. And I'm telling you like I know how you're going to feel.
Your mind is going to be your much more relaxed. Mhm. And this is coming from someone who used to literally lay in bed at night thinking of everything he needs to do the next day all night long. It's like mental torture. Yeah. So allow that allow that space and you're going to see more opportunity come. Just from allowing that space. Mhm.
Does that make sense? Yeah, that does make Like think of it like >> a lot of sense. Think like a workout. If you went and worked out and you're doing bench press and you never stop bench pressing, how are you ever going to get better? How are you ever going to recover? Yeah. Your mind is the same way. Mhm. >> If you're always pushing it, it's never going to recover.
Mhm. Do you use a lot of caffeine? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so there like there's another thing not to say you got to get rid of it, but try to decrease a little bit. Maybe on the weekends when you're not working give yourself a little bit of town downtime from it so it's not go, go, go, go, go. Mhm. Yeah. That makes sense.
I can see you I can see you're thinking a lot, so tell me what you're thinking. Yeah, I'm just thinking now that I have like a decent action plan for things to implement, like the biggest thing is like is like you know, I'll I'll I'll like go down what like productivity like I don't know what what the term calls.
It's like when you get all these different things like I I that's what I used to do is like all these different productivity things to make me more productive and then I wouldn't be productive. Like I'll I used to you know, read a self-development book and then you know, do like 20 minutes of meditation and like an ice bath or whatever, but it it never like got my stuff out.
It never like moved the the needle. Exactly. Um I think the biggest thing Yeah. Too much complex too much complexity. Yeah. Yeah, and it didn't really change anything and I think that other than that, I think the biggest thing is [snorts] for me is actually listening to what you've told me right here, actually just putting it in a schedule and implementing it.
Yeah, like cuz again think think of it like so if you think of what we talked about so far, you mentioned that I'm always thinking about all these things I got to do, all this stuff. When I'm not at work, I'm thinking about work. When I'm at work, I'm thinking about not being at work. Yeah. If now we implement ice baths, meditation, yoga, whatever else, now we're thinking about these things I should be doing.
Right? So, how can we simplify the whole thing? Mhm. Cuz that's like there's like a and this comes back to these like beliefs and like kind of chat like questioning these beliefs around I need to do more. Just to repeat that we've talked about we needed to work harder, we need to do more calls, we need to do more effort, we need to do more ice baths, we need to do more things.
Like all the There's always more more more. Yeah. >> What if you actually needed to do less? Yeah. I And I think you're like right. 100%. I feel like I'm still exhausting myself more by I guess sticking to my sort of patterns. Like I'm getting more mental fatigue. But I'm putting in less like what I would think is is like um good level of input.
Mhm. Like I'm I'm like work my brain is essentially working harder for less of a good input and output. And we just reach Yeah. That's like a beautiful irony is see you think you're working not working as hard, but you're actually working harder. Yeah. It's just It's just mental instead of physical. Yeah. Cuz before you like you mentioned knocking doors, knocking doors takes a lot of physical effort.
It also takes mental effort. Takes emotional effort. It takes a lot of different things. So, it's almost as if you've taken all of that effort and compiled it into one area of the mind. Mhm. And if there's And one other thing just to share with you I I have all this like mind supersedes everything. It supersedes physical, emotional, everything.
So, if you relax the mind, everything else will become more relaxed as well. Mhm. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, that makes total sense. >> your action plan? Okay. And we'll Are these calls weekly or bi-weekly? Um bi-weekly. I just a new baby, so it's a little uh Oh, good. >> [laughter] >> Yeah. Congratulations, man. >> Thank you so much, man.
>> Is it Is your your first first kid or Second. Second. Oh my gosh, that's so amazing. Two boys. Wow, congratulations, man. That's awesome. >> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Um but yeah, whenever I guess I see you next, what I'm going to do is I'm going to set [snorts] out um my calendar and have intentional time where I um I like the method of cuz like cuz what what happens a lot with me is I'll have so many thoughts in my head that will be like I kind of compiling and then instead of kind of dealing with them,
I'll distract myself with whatever it is. Like with doom scrolling or something and eventually once the pressure of those thoughts get too much, then I'll face them when they're really big and scary and I can't look away. So, I think having like intentional time throughout the day to actually get a notebook and just write them all out and see them more clearly.
And maybe just even Yeah. You're going to find that some of them don't need to even to be there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's That's so true. And then I write them down and it won't even be a problem really. They'll just be a thought I had. And then you set intentional time for that. And then also just set intentional time to um go for like a walk or something or like meditate.
Okay, give me one And And easy one that you can like just for you this would be in the same place as a walk or meditation, whatever you want to do. Do you take lunch? Yeah. What do you do when you eat? What What's YouTube probably. Yeah. Always. >> So, when you take lunch, do nothing but eat. I've heard that's a good one.
Yep, I'll do that too from now on. >> I'm I'm telling you like just in like as strange as it may sound, like enjoy the food. Chew it. Think about it. Like but don't don't pick up a phone, don't look at a TV. Just sit somewhere and eat. And do nothing but eat. And that's like a really easy way just to relax the mind and focus on one thing. It's eating.
That's a really good idea. Yeah. And that's a big thing for me. Even my partner gets a little bit annoyed cuz whenever we're eating like I have to be watching something as I eat. Eat with out um content. Awesome. Really good tips. My pleasure, dude. Anything else I can do for you today? Um Not really, man.
Do you want to like tell me about yourself? Like in in your your journey? Just so I can understand. Yeah. Yeah. What was your journey, man? So, I let's see. At like 21, 22 I opened a personal training that went into a gym. I owned a gym for 10 years. Wow. Um we got close like I mean close to a million dollar run rate. Um I go up and down around those numbers.
Um I sold that I guess So, that took me into coaching gym owners and masterminds. Um I ran a a small mastermind for gym owners. And then in 2023 I had like a mental break, I guess you'd say, where I was doing all the things that you're talking about, grinding and I finally broke. And I put all the pieces back together and came up with a curriculum and a pathway that I help others and that's what I've been doing for the last 2 years.
Is helping people and that like my gift is really to navigate the mind more than the body. So, I help others out navigate their own mind now. Some. Awesome. Awesome, man. That's crazy. What an amazing journey you would have been on to to go through all that. Well, it was cuz even like like this is why I talk about the mind being so powerful is I like that whole journey was to build myself enough time, money, and find the right person to be able to fall.
Mhm. So, that way I could catch myself. So, for the last I mean for 18 months I didn't do anything but go through my own process, my own journey mentally. Mhm. And I wouldn't have been able to do that without having the funds from the gym over the years and everything I had like I had rental properties and all these different things.
I was doing everything. I had crypto investments. I've got rental properties. I've got like all these things to keep track of and I was slowly downsize everything. Just selling off everything. Too much complexity for the mind. Not good. >> Yeah. All right. So, for me I've got my I've gone back to simplicity and just like helping people.
Awesome. >> what it's like to be in the dark, so I've showed them how to find the light. Yeah. So, um Are you You say that you're a lot more happy now? Oh, yeah, dude. Yeah. >> Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. But are you also like Are you also really I was angry before. That's all I was. All right. But are you kind of happy you went through all that? Like did the whole journey? Or you Do you wish you didn't? Yeah.
No, I mean like I wouldn't change anything. I mean I wouldn't change anything because I'm here. And if I didn't go through it, I wouldn't be here, right? Yeah. And I mean that metaphorically and literally. Like the real me is sitting before you. The person that would have talked to you 5 years ago, I would have sold you something and made up a bunch of [ __ ] >> [snorts] >> Like I would I got that would have been my not make up.
I would have my my intention would have been what can I get out of this, not how can I just serve you. Awesome. And I I I guess that shift Dude, um do you do you still like work in any like sales components? Like do you reckon that shift kind of help you in sales itself, too? Yeah, I mean I still sell I still I still offer services that I sell, but >> Yeah.
in like I guess in this world it's not as much selling as it is helping. Yeah. >> So, like like when I'm when I'm selling to someone, I'm I'm talking to them about their problems and what they need and then I'm telling them how I can help them and offering my services. If they want to do it, like it's a I don't know.
It's like a a universe thing. Like if it's a right fit, it's a right fit. If it's not, it's not. But I'm not trying to make you do it, you know? Like this especially this type of work you can't force to someone, so I don't know. Like when the person's ready, generally they come to me and offer me money. Not that I don't even want to sell them anything.
Which again like that shift in mindset after so many years of chasing people is so different. Mhm. To have someone message you and ask you to give you money to help get to get help. You know, like so that's a very different thing than going and knocking on doors or going and chasing someone in ads and all that back and forth, you know.
Mhm. But I did all I was marketing. I did all of that stuff before. Mhm. So, yeah, I mean, I would say everything everything is better. But most importantly, like I'm happy with me. I don't care what anyone else thinks. >> [sighs] >> Whereas whereas before I was growing up in a world where I was trying to mimic and basically I'm like I wasn't like involved in Wake Up Warrior.
If you're fitness world, like Bedros Keuilian was my mentor for a few years. Really? Yeah, yeah, like I was >> to his podcast all the time. I'm I'm on I'm on one of the episodes and that and his old Empire podcast. Yeah. Really? Yeah, I talk about when I was That was when I was a gym owner. Oh, yeah, that makes sense. >> Like so I was in I was in that world deep and I thought that I needed to be that in order to be happy and I was not happy.
Mhm. And I can tell you from being at Wake Up Warrior at one of their conventions and sitting in a room with 500 dudes that are multi-multi-millionaires and they're all miserable. Like so I that I guess in the simple sense, I climbed I tried to climb the metaphorical mountain of success, got close enough to the top to see nothing was there, so I jumped off.
So awesome. That is so awesome. Thanks, dude. That is so cool. And then like so then I wrote a book about the journey which comes out in a few weeks and uh now I just help I just help people uh like this. Yeah. That is so awesome. And that's like Yeah, and I I guess you kind of answered the question for me cuz I I was going to ask like in general for a young person like myself and uh Do the work now.
Yeah. Like Yeah, like like just like again, like when I was in Wake Up Warrior convention, I was 20-something years old. And I'm surrounded by 50s and 60-year-old guys. Like so I saw the writing on the wall. I still ignored it. But it came back to get me at 35, so. Like start start the mental process now and like just keep like don't have any uh like there's no deadline.
It's a journey forever, you know. Mhm. But like mind is everything. If like I promise you that it is everything. So take care So take care of it. I definitely will. That's awesome. Yeah, dude. That is so awesome. I got to run. I got to run cuz my son is crying now, so. Yeah, no, no, 100% man. Thank you so much for all this um I'll listen to that episode and I'll I'm going to buy your book, too.
>> [clears throat] >> I'll see you in a in a couple of weeks though, Ryan. Thank Thank you for all the insight, man. My pleasure, man. Talk to you soon. Awesome. Cheers, Ryan. Bye-bye.
