What's up, guys? My name is Coach Brody
Kaza. I'm a health and performance coach
based at the Gold Coast in Australia.
And I help salespeople get in the best
physical and mental shape they possibly
can be so you can make more money. And
so, the reason that I'm doing this is I
want to give back to Matt and his
community for helping me and my company,
the Apex Coaching Academy, um, become so
successful in the last couple of years.
Um, I'd never done sales before. uh
found Matt online, started learning
NEPQ, applied it to my own business, got
some real-time coaching, and in the last
couple of years, my company's done close
to $3 million in sales, and now I teach
sales people how to make more money by
teaching you how to eat. I teach you how
to train effectively. I teach you how to
structure your life properly, um how to
optimize your sleep, how to optimize
your digestion, um how to understand and
biohack your own hormones so that you
can make more money. Whether you realize
it or not, dude, if you're a salesperson
and you are overweight, you are tired
all the time, you eat like [ __ ] you
sleep like [ __ ] and you live a life
that is just pure just crap, dude. Like,
you just you just don't look after
yourself, and then you think that you're
going to be able to close people on a
call just with your skill set. Your
sales skill is one part of the battle.
how you show up on your calls, how you
structure your dayto-day, how you how
you live your life, and the level of
congruency you have in what it is that
you're trying to sell is a direct
representation, a direct impact to how
much money you can make. So, on my
sessions, I'm going to show you how
nutrition really works. I'm going to
show you how to train properly. I'm
going to show you how to structure your
calendars and your dayto-day so that you
can fit in more calls. I'm going to
teach you about hormones. I'm going to
teach you about digestion. I'm going to
teach you about TRT. all of those things
that can help elevate your ability to
make more sales. So, I don't really know
exactly what my session times are going
to be, but make sure you look out for me
on Matt's calendar, and I look forward
to helping you. Big love.
