11. So, I'm going to go ahead and start. Welcome in. Welcome in. My name is Alex Garner. I am a sober life coach, but I also am in high ticket sales and have a lot of experience with it. Um, and also, you know, obviously sell my own program. Um, I've uh I've helped over uh 100 people now get and stay sober, but primarily I with this I focus on sales psychology and and coaching within that.
So today, um, I'm going to be presenting. Let me go ahead and pull this up. Okay, move this present mode. Okay, so let me make sure just in case people join, I have this up. Um, chat. Okay, perfect. Okay, hopefully you can see this. Okay. So, peak sales is brain state, not willpower.
I think a lot of times we think that uh it takes a lot of willpower in order to do sales. And sales performance isn't about um motivation or grinding harder. Okay. Um uh it is a little bit about that, but not much. It's it's actually about the nervous system regulation and how we how we regulate it. Okay. So this is the science of how your brain and body work together under pressure.
So when your brain feels safe and regulated, there's three critical changes that occur. Your focus sharpens, your confidence rises naturally, and decision making improves dramatically. That's that prefrontal cortex coming online. Peak sales happen when a regulated brain state is current, not a stressed one.
So, you know that you can relate to this. When you're stressed in sales and you need that sale and you're focusing on that, sales aren't going to come then. They're going to come when you're in a regulated brain state. You're calm, you're collected, you're good to go. So, today I'm going to be talking about that and of course giving you some tools to regulate that nervous system.
So, the sales brain under pressure. What happens when stress hits? Sales pressure activates the amygdala, which is your brain's threat detection center. Okay, this triggers a lot of different things, but part of it is protective responses that sabotage your performance. Your brain is made to is made uh for you to keep you safe.
Okay? And and it doesn't know the difference between something that is small safe and something that's big safe. It just wants to keep you safe. So, so when we're when we're trying to be high sales performers, it's going to sabotage some of that when we're stressed. Okay? So, so it activates the amygdala. It threatens or it it which is your brain's detection center and it triggers a cascade of protective responses that sabotage performance.
This is when the stressed brain shifts into survival mode. It causes fightor-flight responses. Now, our [snorts and clears throat] brain was made for the caveman days, right? It's developed a lot since then, but our nervous system was the same. So, when we were cavemen, we had to be on our guard. We make sure that we're not eaten, right? We had to hunt.
So, that's a survival mode that's causing the fight orflight responses. But now, we don't have to be that way so much. So, we need to regulate that. Okay? So, um also when the stress happens, it it creates tunnel vision, overtalking, and the heightened fear of rejection. A stressed brain cannot persuade.
It can only protect you. And in this case, protection equals sabotage. Okay. Psychological safety builds trust. So when you are psychologically safe, um the the other person can feel that subconsciously. So the buyer will feel that your negate your regulated nervous system creates an environment where the buyer's defense is lower naturally.
your mirror neurons activate. Now, this is something really freaking cool. The buyer's brain unconsciously mirrors your calm state, creating neurosynchronization. So, when you're all stressed out, when you're up like talking like I'm talking right now, like it's going to create a lot with them in their subconscious.
It's going to create a lot of stress. Um, also, when you are psychologically safe, it your trust chemicals increase. Oxytocin and other bonding chemicals rise while cortisol which is the stress hormone drops. Resistance also dissolves. So logic and emotion align which are the two things that you need in a buying situation.
Logic and emotion making decision feeling na making decision making feel natural rather than pressured. Buyers decide emotionally first then logic comes second. Right? So that's why on so many of your calls you feel like you have the call, you feel like you have the or you have the close and then logic comes in, right? So what this does a regulated nervous system, it it aligns the logic and emotions.
So they don't have so many cutbacks. They don't have so many deci decision-m things that happen after you already feel like you got the clothes. I hope that makes sense. So your nervous system teaches their nervous system how to feel. So if your nervous system is unregulated, their nervous system is going to be unregulated.
When you're regulated, they regulate with you. Okay? This is sciencebacked 100%. Now, here's the tools. Tool number one, state be control before calls. One, I'm going to do this right now, and I'm I'm presenting like this on a reason because I'm going to do these tools now, and then I'm we're going to see how I am. Okay? So slow your breath.
Deep controlled breathing signal. Safety to your nervous system. So let's do this. Three deep breaths. In through the nose, out through the mouth. On the third one, you want to hold it. Second step is to drop the shoulders. So roll them back and down. Physical tension holds stress. Release it to release mental pressure.
And finally, relax your jaw. Jaw tension indicates fight or flight activation. Softening it calms the brain. Your state transfers faster than your words. Okay? So your your nervous system transfers a lot faster with their nervous system than anything that you say before you say it. 2 minutes of regulation beats 2 hours of prep.
Okay? So if you do 2 minutes of this, it's beating 2 hours of sales prep time. I promise. See how I'm talking slower? I feel more relaxed. This is more more beneficial for the client for the for the the close. Okay. Tool number two, breath work to regulate the nervous system. This is another breath work.
So inhale for 4 seconds through your nose and then exhale for six and repeat that for 2 minutes. So I'm going to do this for 1 minute. Let's get on my timer here. No. Um, watch. Nope. Clock. There we go. Stopwatch for 1 minute. Okay. Inhale for 4 seconds. Exhale for six. Do it with me. Okay, that's one minute.
Your heart rate slows and your focus will sharpen. I immediately feel more focused immediately. So controlled breathing is the fastest way to shift your brain chemistry. What it does is it activates your vagus nerve which controls your parasympathetic nervous system which is your body's natural calm down mechanism.
Okay. So it shifts your brain chemistry by activating the vagus nerve which controls your parasympathetic um nervous system in your which is your body's natural calm down mechanism. This simple technique lowers cortisol which is the stress hormone and increases mental clarity in under two minutes. Why would you not do this before every call? Use this protocol before every sales call presentation or high stakes conversation.
Tool number three, identitybased self-t talk. Fear-based language is things like, "I hope they say yes. I need to close this deal. What if they reject me?" This language, even though we're not saying it out loud, we're saying it to ourselves. It activates the threat response and undermines confidence. So, we want to shift these.
Okay? So, it's called reframing. So, rather than say, "I hope they say yes, I am someone who makes who helps people make aligned decisions." Instead of saying I need to close this deal, I serve by offering clarity. What if they reject me? I show up calm and confident. This language reduces fear and increases authentic confidence.
The the brain doesn't just follow thoughts, it follows identity, who you are. So how you see yourself determines how you show up under pressure. Now, identity language rewires the brain. It shifts you from seeking validation to offering value. So, that's the third tool. The fourth tool is dopamine management.
I'll scroll down here. So, sales burnout isn't just mental exhaustion, it's dopamine depletion. High dopamine spikes from winds lead to crashes that drain motivation and clarity. Okay, so 40% dopamine drop. After a big Wayne after a big win or caffeine spike, dopamine can drop up by up to 40% causing energy crashes.
Let me see what this what this Oh, sorry. Give me a second. I want to see what the 65 is. I don't know why it's not there. Okay. Um, stable dopamine. Stable dopamine improves sustained performance by three times compared to spike in crash patterns. Okay, so this is huge, right? [clears throat] How to stabilize dopamine, right? So since it boosts your performance by three times, how do we stabilize it? You want to avoid overcaffeinate caffein caffeination.
Avoid overcaffeination. Limit caffeine to one to two cups before noon because too much causes a dopamine spike and it causes a crash. Okay. Now, uh the second step to or the second thing of how to stabilize dopamine is celebrate effort not the outcome. This is big. Reward yourself for actions that you control like making calls, showing up prepared rather than the results that you don't make.
Okay? So, reward yourself for sticking in there longer when they had an objection. Reward yourself for uh not for the win, not for the close. Reward it for your performance, okay? Not for the outcome of the call. Also, you want to take movement breaks, okay? So, as as as we most of us do, unless you have like a standing desk, which I do over here, but I don't use it that much.
Um, we need to take standing breaks and movement breaks. So five minute walks between calls. What that does is it naturally restores dopamine without artificial spikes because artificial spikes when it spikes it causes a crash. And when it when it spikes that much higher, it's causing not only the crash but your dopamine baseline to go down.
So you're going to feel worse over time. When you take a break and you do a natural thing like a walk, it raises the dopamine baseline and it raises your dopamine but not so much in a spike like you do when you close. Okay? I'm not saying to not celebrate closes. Um that is that is a dopamine spike but it is going to cause your dopamine baseline to go lower.
So you don't want to celebrate that much. You want to celebrate the things that you did in the call rather than the outcome. Consistency beats intensity here. So rather than being intense about this for a week, do it for two weeks. Okay? Just do it a little bit every day or before every call.
Um sustain sustainable performance requires brain sorry sustainable performance requires stable brain chemistry. [clears throat] Okay, so here's the peak sales formula. Calm your nervous system, which is the regulated brain state throughout through breath work, movement, and state control, which is what we talked about.
Clear your identity. Identity based language that reduces fear and increases authentic confidence. And then finally, stabilize your dopamine. Consistent brain chemistry through effort-based rewards and sustainable habits. Sales is not persuasion. Sales is regulated presence plus service. The calmer the brain, the more you will win.
Okay, I hope this was helpful. Um, let me make sure that nobody's on here. Nope. Okay. So, um, yeah, just, uh, come back. I am going to be shifting what I'm talking about. I'm going to be getting into more sales psychology. So, let's do it. Talk to you guys soon. Go out there and sell.
