All right, y'all. So, we don't have a ton of people popping on the actual call today. So, I figured that we will pivot a little bit. I'm going to show you guys how to use Claude to build some pretty cool stuff. If you're not using Claude code yet, you should be. >> [clears throat] >> Um but more importantly, how to set it up to work um as seamlessly as possible and actually be able to generate you guys useful things inside of your business, internal tools, uh platforms, whatever that might be. Um so, I'm trying to
think of what we can build right now. Um >> [clears throat] >> I think a a quiz funnel is a really good example of just a simple um thing that we can go build um as as well as you can use the same thing for if you want to build your own forms, uh and have them do, you know, lead capture throughout the form similar to I closed, uh as well as qualification inside of it.
So, I'll go ahead and share my screen here in just a moment. And we'll walk through a few tools that we use uh that really really help us to do this at a high level. So, let me go ahead and share my screen. So, the first thing we want, obviously, is Claude code. So, when we open up Claude code, uh we want to come here.
Next, we want to go to GitHub. And when we go to GitHub, we're going to see different repositories. I'll explain that in a second. And then we want to use Netlify. So, Netlify is going to be a way to push your ideas or your code to an actual server, so it is live. So, we're going to come in here. The first thing we need to do is create a GitHub account, okay? Super easy.
Just go to the website, sign up. Now, once you create a GitHub account, you're going to click on new right here, and you're going to create a repository. So, this is essentially a place where you can store all of your files, okay? Uh we got some people joining in here. >> [clears throat] >> Um let's go ahead and let these guys in here.
Chew, what's up? I don't know if I said that correctly, but welcome to the >> No, that's correct, man. How are you doing? I'm doing great, brother. How about yourself? Doing doing very, very well. Was uh we're doing a training on some AI AI development inside of Claude code and how to wire up some of these tools to be able to build uh pretty much whatever you want.
So, um one of the biggest issues I see typically is people want to push code, but they don't understand how to push it to a server uh quick and easily. So, we're just getting started. So, welcome. >> cool. I am I am a newbie when it comes to that kind of stuff, but I'd love to learn it, man. Amazing.
Well, it's going to be a good call for you then, man. Um Perfect. So, what I was just mentioning uh was the first thing we want to do is create a GitHub uh account. So, it's essentially like a social media platform for developers, kind of, where you can store your code, you can share code. So, we create the GitHub account, and then we click new, and then we end up right here.
So, we're going to create a new repository um in this situation. And actually, let's just do let's do a commission calculator, cuz this is related to sales. So, let's create a actual commission calculator software. So, uh we're going to say commission dash calculator. And we'll do V2. So, that's all we need to do.
We're going to click create on this repository right here, okay? So, now we have a repository, play basically a place to store our actual code. Next thing we want to do is come to Claude, okay? And Claude right here has this drop-down, and you see install GitHub. So, if you've never connected it before, you just connect GitHub, and then you'll actually be able to see all your GitHub repositories right here.
So, I'm going to refresh. The new one should pop up right here. So, if we scroll down, we should see uh commission calculator V2. So, when we click on this, um we now have a chat that is going to upload all of our code that we created right now to that repository, okay? So, the next step uh is well, I want my updates to be live, so I can actually go log in and do stuff with it, okay? So, we need two more platforms.
I prefer Supabase, which is your database, like where do we store usernames and passwords and things like that. Uh and then we need Netlify. Netlify is going to be our actual server where we push the code to, okay? Um so, when we come in here, I'm going to say we're going to do role, you are a senior web developer with 20 uh plus years of experience creating visually stunning and uh useful web applications.
You are up-to-date in your um code base and your you pride yourself on writing immaculate immaculate? Uh I don't even know how to spell that word. Uh I don't think that's it either. Masculate? Is there an S in that word? That's crazy. If anyone watching this on the replay, um I don't know if that's true or not, but pride yourself on writing immaculate uh code.
Uh you are highly analytical. lytical, and anytime you run into an error, you take a step back, analyze the issue deeply, and debug. You also are talented at creating the project structure for future features and scale. So, we'll just do something like that. Uh the prompt is really important here, and then we're going to say goal, we want to create a beau- b e a u- tiful b e a u- tiful um software that allows a sales rep to log in and calculate
their commissions. They should be able to add products um as line items, with each with a quantity and a price point. They can also add multiple of the same same product, um and they can enter the amount of cash collected and number of future installments. We want the UI to be easy to use. Um we also want to ensure that it has a beautiful uh futuristic AI look to it.
Um let's just start there. Outcome, uh I'm not even going to do an outcome for this. We should also have a Supabase uh Actually, let's add the database later. We won't do a login for this right now. We'll add that later. So, we'll just start here. We're going to go ahead and prompt that on that new repository. And then it's going to start um analyzing the prompt and start designing uh this product for us.
So, while that does that, Chew, is that how you say it? Is that actually how you say it? Chew? That's amazing. Where does that name come from? My ethnicity is actually Hmong, which is like a small like hill tribes out in like Thailand, Laos, and all Southeast Asia and whatnot. So, I guess it's uh where where we originated from.
Guess where I am right now. In Thailand? Thailand. I'm in Chiang Mai. Oh, really? That's cool. Yeah, I think I think um I remember cuz I I we were in a refugee camp when I was born and whatnot. I think we spent some in in the camps out in Chiang Mai. Wow, that's crazy. Yeah. Um Yes, sir. Yeah, it's it's beautiful out here.
I met some local guys here the the first day cuz we we came from Bangkok to here on Sunday, and uh met some sweet here. We sat down, started talking. They ride street bikes, I ride motorcycles. They ended up being they uh told me they were doing a trip uh up into the mountains to this little village, and I should come with.
So, they got me a street bike and we all hopped on the bikes and went like 2 hours into the mountains. It was such a cool trip and totally random, but Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, I always recommend like, you know, if if you can, like a lot of people they go to the tourist spot, of course like the bigger city, but when it comes to like Thailand and Southeast Asia, like the beautiful spots are literally in like the mountains.
That's where you can meet a lot of different hill tribes, ethnic groups and whatnot. Yeah. It brings a lot of different type of culture and and an absolute food and whatnot as well. Yeah. What part of the world are you in now? I'm in I'm in California. Um at what part of California? A small little small little town um called Merced. There's a UC here.
So. Yeah. We're we're literally in the center like like in the center spot of California. Yeah. Nice. Kind of is that by like Bakersfield or Yeah, we're we're about like 2 hours north of Bakersfield. Okay, got it. Yeah. Yeah. How do you know about Bakersfield, Jordan? Oh, I turned my mic off. I was born and raised in San Diego and then I Uh-huh. moved Yeah, moved up to Idaho.
My parents were like My dad was Orange County his whole life. My mom was Bay Area, so a lot of a lot of roots in California. No wonder. Okay, that makes sense. Um Yeah, so you ever come, you know, come back here, literally you ever say, "Hey, you know what? I want to take a trip down to see the like, you know, the central part of California.
" If you're into mountains, you know, about an hour and a half way from where I live is Yosemite National Park, right? >> Mhm. Uh so, you know, literally drop off by. We'll go grab lunch or something. Definitely. I'll let you know, man. I'll be back that way in about 5 weeks, so Nice. But uh Yeah. Where are you uh what >> Go for it.
So when it comes to like entering prompt, you see you have to be very specific on how you want it how you want Yes. >> enter it, right? Or or or basically instruct it. Yes. So typically I start off with setting the role. Um so who do I want it to be? Um and you can kind of just assume I mean it helps to have some technical knowledge around that, but you know, at the end of the day we obviously want it to be analytical.
We want it to you know, self-correct if it starts to go wrong. We want it to be able to think about the future when it's designing this, right? Um So yeah, setting the role is really important, like who is the AI, you know, are they a web developer or are they a designer? Those are different people, you know? Um and if you give it too much stuff in the role, you ask it to be too many people, it's not going to be like as good, right? Um So yeah, the role is super important and then I'll usually do, you know, the the goal, which is, "Hey, this is what we're
trying to build." Uh and then putting in outcome is also very helpful. So what is your expected outcome of this thing, right? So little different than the goal. Um and then you can also add, depending on the project, what you don't want it to do, right? So that's that's more, you know, in Claude code you don't have to do so much of that, but what do you not want it to be, you know? Um you can kind of list out those things as well.
Um but yeah. And then once you enter that prompt, you can see it's doing a bunch of stuff, but it it starts to create the project. So we can see here it's created kind of a a project scope. So it's going to initialize the React, TypeScript, and Vite project. So that's like the underlying code base.
Um it's going to do Tailwind CSS, um create the project folder, build authentication system for logging in and logging out, create product line items, build the commission calculator logic, create the payment tracking, design futuristic AI themed UI components, right? So it's already thought about all this from that prompt. Um And then it's going to start building.
Um so it's going to go through each of these to-dos and write that code, right? Um it does take a little while, but that's a good sign when it takes a while to do what you asked it to because it's it's really thought through and it's it's building something legitimate, right? Um If you're giving it poor prompts, you'll notice it usually goes a lot faster, which means you have a lot more things to fix in the future or you run into errors, you know? So Remember like back in the day, you know, when I was growing up, right? They say
coding you really need a high-powered machine to go ahead and handle the coding and program all this stuff. Because this is web-based, do you still need like a high-powered machine to handle it all? Not at all, man. It's all web-based, yeah. You're 100% right. So you really with these That's why I'm showing this because with these tools, you don't need terminal on your computer, you don't need Xcode, right? You don't need anything You don't need anything local on your computer.
Um this is web-based, you know, data warehouse, web-based servers, right? Um and all these connect directly. So what's crazy is once I connect this once this finishes, it'll auto-publish to Netlify the changes. So it'll auto-update the server, um which is really cool. So Sweet.
And then just an example of like some stuff um that I can show that like we built, for example, this is a landing page completely 100% developed with Claude code. Um it's got a custom form right here. It does a partial submit, captures that data. Um if someone clicks on one of our ads, they'll they'll potentially see this page. Um you know, all the copy was written by Claude.
Um all these assets, uh all the buttons, um colors, schemes, this was created by Claude. Um all the cards, uh literally everything. It's it's pretty incredible. So Um Yeah. So if you use it correctly, um you can do a lot more than people really even understand at this point, so um but yeah. So I want to say, "Hey, you know what? I'm brand new to AI." Yeah.
Like and they and they saw what you're doing here and like, "This is pretty cool, right?" Like how would you direct them to start learning about this kind of stuff? YouTube, probably. Um you know, I would find a couple YouTube channels that are really dedicated to this. Um And and spend some time in there. Obviously you can go find a mentor, join a program.
Um we actually our company even has like an AI operator coaching program, if you will. Um but you can go on YouTube, you can learn most of this. There's a lot of good videos that break down all of it. Um you know, it's it's more so committing the time to it, just like anything else. Um You know, if that's an hour a week or 5 hours a week.
Um the cool part that I found is that once you get good at it, it becomes addicting. It's like back when Fortnite was out, right? You always had the pop up in the new map and go play. Like um you you can get really deep in this to where you know, you're Yeah, it's it's all you want to do. So Cuz basically, you know, if I'm if I'm so focused on selling, right? I'm like you know, 6 to 12 hours a day on the phone, you know, my appointments, other stuff going on, and of course family and life and all that good stuff. And so this is something
that I'm intrigued by. I just basically question is how much of my time can I devote to it, right? >> Yeah. And how can I make it I know I know can make it easier on my behalf, basically taking times off to do like, you know, like more of a the operation things. Um but again, you know, it's going to take time to develop into that stuff, so that way basically I will have time off later, you know.
Yeah, definitely. You know, that's why I you know, I think AI is in such a cool place where it's almost like a game, you know? So a lot of times when we're, you know, have our work brain turned on, you know, I'm I'm running my company, I got to do sales, I got to have meetings, I'm doing all these different things, right? But this is almost can become so fun that, you know, it's it's instead of watching Netflix, right? To unwind, you can pop on here and and play around with it, you know? Um it's pretty rewarding when you
see some of this stuff built. But yeah. That's cool. That's really really cool. So and then to your point, you know, in in the future you can start using it to help you sell, you know, different maybe assets that you use on your sales calls or um different things, you know, we we have a couple quiz funnels that are really really cool that we built with Claude um that we actually use on sales calls.
Um that, you know, help us sell our product, if you will. So Mhm. But yeah, this thing's going. If you would give me 2 minutes, um my girlfriend said there are noises downstairs. I don't know what that means, so I need to go check the front door real quick. So um I'll be right back. >> do your thing. All right, we are back.
So, this is still cruising through and looks like we are done. So, there we go. So, once it is pushed to here, now we can connect it to Netlify. So, what we're going to do, we're going to come to our workspace. We're going to Once you have a Netlify account, super easy to set up, you just basically log in with Google.
And then we're going to click add project. And then import from existing project. So, we'll click on that guy and you have GitHub right here. That's why we built this repository. So, you just click on GitHub. It'll ask you to authorize your GitHub account, basic sign in, and then um you'll see all of your projects here.
So, we just want to find the commission calculator V2. Boom, click on that. Project name, I recommend naming it the same thing as your other project. So, pop that guy in there. And that's it. We click deploy and that is going to deploy this code base to the server. So, right here it's going to say building.
It's either going to say succeeded or failed. Um the cool part is Netlify has an AI way to check why it failed. You can see it already published. So, it's that easy. Boom. And just like that, we have a live website with our application ready to go. So, we can click on this right here and boom, you can already see we got a login page.
Um now uh here's a demo account, so let's use alex@com pany.com. I'm guessing the password is what, 10% commission maybe? Yep, there we go. Cool. Already logged in. So, now we can see here, this is what the UI looks like, right? We can see sale items, add product, payment details, right? And then we can go in here.
So, we can choose what we want. Now, something I want to iterate or make known here is that you can see it added a bunch of random products. You can see it also has like categories. Why did it do that? Well, it's cuz I didn't really specify in my prompt, right? We kept it much shorter than I normally would who this was for, right? What kind of products, how I want products to be entered, etc.
So, it has to make up what it's supposed to do here, right? So, you can see services and then we can see, you know, random things in here and then you can kind of see all of this, right? So, that's not how I would want it to be done. So, we're going to come back here. Hey, this is a great first try. Um let's take a step back and redesign.
And this is what I would recommend doing. So, in our original prompt, you can see here, I just basically said, you know, a commission calculator. But I didn't really give it any details. So, now we're going to be much more specific in how I would normally do that first prompt. So, we're going to come right here.
The commission calc commission calculator should have a way to add products. Each line item that you add should have the following fields, right? So, one, I want product name. Two is going to be product price. Three is going to be number of payments. Four is going to be initial cash collected. Five is going to be contract value.
Six is going to be commission percent as a slider from zero to let's say 50%. It'd be insane to go above that. Um seven um uh a way to Oops. Once the product is added, it should go to a dashboard that shows me the total commission to be paid, future commission to be paid. Um and yeah. Let's just do etc. Let it jive out there.
So, we can see now this is something that we probably should have had in our original prompt, right? So, if I was actually going to build a software, I want to take a minute and really write out what is the idea that I have, what what do I want it to look like? Otherwise, AI will go and do what it thinks is best, which sometimes is the best situation.
In this well, I mean it it looks cool. Yeah, we can log in. We already have an app, but you know, if if I don't really want to have to add all these products myself, right? And you know, etc. So, this way, you know, if I do it this way, you enter the product name and the price, right? You know what products you sell, so that should be good enough.
So, this is kind of how I would do it and we can kind of start there. So, all we have to do is hit enter. Now, this is going to read that prompt. It's going to read, you know, kind of iterate on this. And the best part is it's going to push the code to here. Now, the second best part is since this is connected to GitHub, under deploys right here, we can see the original deploy, but it will automatically publish this next deploy for me.
So, I can literally just refresh my website and it'll look different than it does right now. So, any questions about that? Can basically let's say I have like a product, I guess a a product commission guideline in a PDF format. Can I upload that and it could just take the data from that and basically automatically um Yes. 100% >> calculate based off of that. Okay.
>> Exactly, 100%. So, you would say, "Hey, you know, I'm a sales rep and I want a commission calculator. I want to be able to, you know, project 6 months, you know, get specific, 6 months into the future what my commission would be and basically, you know, say, 'Hey, if I do this many sales, this is what I would end up with, right?' I should be able to customize, you know, how many payments and how much each cash, you know, collected amount was on these.
Here's a list of all the products that we sell." And then it'll take those and put it in a drop down. So, that's a great way to kind of shortcut this. And I always recommend if you have assets, obviously, include those for context because the more, you know, I guess with AI what I found is that if you if you get too too too specific, right? Sometimes it's not creative enough, right? Um but on the other side, if if you're too broad, it's too creative.
So, you got to kind of funnel just like you would if someone worked for you, you know? It's like, okay, here's the job role, now go do the job as creatively as possible. Um you know, you still have to have those guidelines there. Um but you don't want to just have it be your slave, essentially. So. Got it. And then you can know. Sorry, what was that? I said you can't have to meet in the middle. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely, you know, and and there'll be times, you know, sometimes when I'm building a new software, I'll be like, man, what could be some really cool features? And I'll just ask that, right? Hey, what what other features do you feel like would make this product even better? And it'll come back with a list of 10 really good ideas, you know, I can say, okay, perfect, let's do one and two, you know, that's great. So.
This should be done >> good. somewhat quickly. Now, something else um I think is important too is obviously UI UX, right? Um and communicating what you want that to look like. Um you can see here, the design is pretty good, but the layout kind of sucks, um you know, so you can always recommend, hey, I don't like this on the left-hand side or
hey, this kind of feels too busy, right? Can you can you figure out a way to make it less busy? Um but it does a pretty good job at UI if you prompt it correctly. I mean, you can see this page is it's pretty beautiful, you know, landing page. Um So, as long as you prompted it all, it'll do good. So. Um we are almost done here.
Almost. Mhm. And then you'll see the beauty of this automatically committing the changes uh here in a moment. So, there you go. So, build successful, let me commit and push the changes. And then we'll see here in just a second, you'll see a new um branch come into Netlify. Almost there. There you go. Cool.
So, you can see it already pushed this branch and then it already published. So, it was that quick. So, we don't even have to go to this, we can just come back to this and refresh. We'll see a completely new page. So, there we go. Boom. So, let's do uh chewy's gum. There we go. And then it where we sold $1,000 worth of gum.
The total contract was uh $1,000. Number of payments, we did three pay two payments, cash collected was $300, and then the commission was 15%, right? Boom. Cool. So, we can see total commission $150, immediate $45, future $105. Click add item, boom. And then I can add another one um gum 2.0. We're going to say this is $5,000 contract value, $5,000.
Number of payments, we're going to say five payments, cash collected $4,500. Commission percent 10, so $500 commission. Boom boom, it all works. Boom, when I do that, now it added these two together, right? So, we can see that whole thing right there. So. Um yeah, and then, you know, like literally, I can send this to Chewy right now, and if you could maybe share your screen and just go log in um and test it out real quick cuz that is a live app on the internet.
You can share your screen, too. There you go. Cool. Is my email and then password what I I just make up an make up a password or what? >> use the demo account down there at the bottom, so alex@company.com. Just type that in and then use any password. So, the reason for that is we just haven't set up the database yet, which is basically one more step that we could do.
Um but we don't need to do it right now. Uh alex@company.com. There you go. Boom. Look at that. I put put in the sign in and it didn't let me. I'm not sure if the sign in button was turned off. I pressed enter, but it let me after I put in it put in there. Got it. Got it. Cool. Yeah, so those are small bugs you might have to work out, right? We can say, hey, we had an issue with that.
Um but yeah, there it is, right? So, you can use that. Um and you know, pretty freaking cool that we have something that we designed, put together, it's already live on the internet, and people can use it, you know? Oh yeah, man. This is this is pretty dope right here. Yeah. So. Let's just try. But yeah. So, hats.
>> I just got the hat. $10. So, why is this still stuck in negative nine for the future? Um because I think your contract value is only 10, so put 3,500 there. So, something it didn't understand, and again, this is why the prompting so important is I put uh just put 3,500 for contract value. Yeah, there you go.
So, what I wanted it to be was essentially the product price and the contract value are the same thing, right? So, I just need to now say, hey, that's technically we don't need two fields for that, right? Um Mhm. So, yeah. And then just click add item. Now it'll pop it up into the saved items, and there you go.
Pretty cool, man. It's really cool. But uh Yeah, so um anyone watching this replay, again, those are the tools, Superbase, GitHub, Netlify, Cloud Code. Connect those four together, uh and you can basically pump out unlimited variations of this. So, very very simple, very straightforward way >> you want to get basically like if someone say, hey, I want to have kind of do all this stuff, what do you think on average it runs it costs them a month to actually be able to to to do this kind of stuff? Yeah, it's a great question. It's it's really
affordable um because it's the server's under like load, right? So, it depends on, you know, how much like how much is actually happening on that server, which probably won't be a lot until you get actual users. Um Cloud Code's like a 100 bucks a month um because, well, you don't you can use the basic version, which is like 20.
Um depending on how much you prompt it, you'll hit a limit, and then you got to wait, you know, 24 hours or whatever it is for that to refresh, but um you know, for 50 bucks, 100 bucks a month, you you could be pretty much be using all of this. So. Yeah. But Cool. Well, we'll probably wrap it up a little bit early.
Um Chewy, it was amazing having you on this call and I appreciate you showing up. Hopefully you learned something new today that can help you. Um, and uh, yeah, we do these calls every Tuesday. They're specifically on AI, sales operations, sales process. Sometimes we go over pre-call, you know, how to how to get people to show up to appointments, how to follow up, how to create follow up systems, how to, you know, audit your CRM, etc.
I try we have a lot of sales reps in this community, obviously, like yourself, so I try to do both from leadership and from the perspective of like a sales rep. So, um, yeah, but it was great to meet you, man. Yeah, be on next week, dude. Awesome. Cool. Uh, well, if you need anything in the meantime, just shoot the community a message and we'll see you next week.
And everyone uh, watching the replay, I hope this video was helpful. Cheers. All right, Jordan. Talk to you later. Have a good one, mate.
