Welcome all. Hey, so I'm Chirag here. I So this is the training actually running Matt's group. And so um I guess you all know Matt, right? So Matt and I used to work together at Sales Sniper. And then who here knows Jeremy? Jeremy Miner. Right? You guys do? Cool. Yeah. So I used to train people. I actually had the majority of I was told one-to-one clients at in Jeremy's IC.
And so trained a bunch of people used to have a day of like 14 one-on-ones a day. All that stuff. So that's uh I'm pretty good at solving sales problems now. So whoever has a question, go ahead raise your hand and then we'll get straight into it. Or it's going to be a quiet one. Dushan, go for it. Uh yeah, hey what's up Chirag? Nice to see you again. I got one quick question.
I'm having a lot of people I sell biz ops to people I help to start a business. I I'm having a lot of people tell me, yeah I just want to make some like I'm not having I'm not pulling that much of a problem because they tell me, yeah I want to make some passive income that's going to be like a side from my job.
So that's kind of like the main thing I'm kind of struggling with. Okay, help me understand that. Is that because your offer doesn't do that or what's the struggle? No, no, no. They just I cannot pull a problem out of their current job. It's like, yeah everything's good but I just want some passive income aside from my my job. So that's kind of like the the main thing for me.
Okay. Um let's think it through, right? Let's put ourselves in in those shoes. If somebody says that they just want to create passive income outside from their job, like what is it like what would you ask them to to build a gap? No, I just kind of do like in problem areas. Is there anything you would change you like the the type of job you're doing or maybe the the amount of money, the time you have? And they say, yeah I just I would just like to have you know like more passive income aside from my job.
So that's kind of like where I'm getting that mostly. Okay, cool. That that answers the that's the final answer, right? Because you can build a gap off it. What would you ask to build a gap off it? Sometimes they do like, okay so how much how much money would you like to make? And then try to build a gap on that and then tell them like, okay but I guess why not just work in your job to make that additional 10,000? And they just kind of give me like the same thing.
Yeah, this I just want something that's kind of passive. So I mean what I mean there's there's two things. It's like what do you want them to say? That's the first question, right? What's the answer that you want? Just just some something like a negative. Yeah. I'm working too many hours. I'm I'm not making enough money.
I'm I'm stressed out. I don't like my job. You know, just just something like a negative non like a like a like an outcome. Like a positive one. Okay, something negative about their work, right? Is that what you want them to say? Okay, so that's because because they're not throwing that out you're starting to feel like, okay they're not secure you're you're maybe not secure that you've done the problem area well, right? So I'm just putting myself in the prospect's shoes.
Somebody's looking for passive income. Like for me I'd want to find out are they wanting to get do it as a side hustle or they actually wanting to transition full-time? Do you ever ask that question or find that out? Sometimes after that when I kind of build the gap or build the gap like, okay so if I if I don't build a gap there I just kind of ask them like 6 months down the line like how much you want to make? I want to make like 10k.
Is this going to be like on top of your you know, salary with your job or this kind of just be like to to fully replace? Sometimes they tell me, yeah I want to just kind of you know, first kind of start it and kind of see how it goes and then eventually maybe kind of fully replace the job. So yeah, just kind of depends on the person.
So I mean I I'm I know the answer and how I would handle it. It's like one one quick way when you're getting these answers that you don't want them to give, right? It's just there's two things you can do. One is you could start to tell them besides passive income so that you just remove it as an answer, right? Or if they give like an obvious answer, you just have fun with the answer.
You like, passive income. Yeah, I mean I'm still waiting for somebody to tell me they want to just I don't know, make make less money from starting a business, right? No, I guess for you like what is it that you actually want to make the the money for? That's one thing I would go to, right? That where I would go is they're telling you they want to make passive income. So I go along with them.
Okay, what do you want to make? Understand, right? What do you want to make the money for? You're kind of doing a bit of solution future pacing here in a way because you ever heard the thing like thing motivating people is either they're running away from a situation or they're going towards something, right? So some people might I'd imagine in your case might not be running away from their job.
They might be kind of happy with it a little bit, right? But that's why we have to build like the future area more when they're saying this so that from from that point then you start to look back and realize there's the problem, right? But if now like things aren't so S H I T in their job, right? You they won't be a gap. Does that make sense? So basically when they start telling you about the future and positive I usually just go along with the flow with them to build it a little bit, right? Okay, what do you want to how much do you want to make? Okay, what's
that for at least? I might not go much deeper than that into values. Just like what's it for? And then from there I could then go to, can you not just do that now now with your current role though? No, I can't. But why not? Boom. Then you would find from that point now looking back you would find what's wrong with with the current role.
But if you stay here, things are still fine. Yeah, that makes that makes perfect sense. Yeah. And that's like my favorite way to do it. But that's a good really good question because it's very easy to get caught up in there. It's just understanding the mechanics of it of the human there. Yeah, thank you Chirag.
Cool, no you're welcome. Cool. Lou I think it's Luchia if I'm pronouncing that correctly. Go for it, brother. Luchia absolutely better. I like Luchia. Fancy, you know? Like Italian. Yeah, yeah. Go for Luchia. Okay. So one of the main things is I'm with the offer of the committed coaches if you don't know if you know it. Committed committed coaches, yeah.
Yeah. I heard there's a lot not many of you out there. Yeah. Exactly, exactly. So as you well you know, we're selling mostly to senior citizens and that I would text them cans I need subs. They buy a supplement then they give us the lead and we try to upsell them on more subs and coaching. But one of the main things that I'm struggling is that I feel like a lot of people they have a lot of problems and building value is easy.
But once you start mentioning price, their world comes down, you know? And it's for me yeah, yeah. Especially in doing the logistical part on how to make them see the priorities for their health. You know, that maybe the utility bill is not as important as not having a stroke. It's kind of hard in actually building that value or getting on the same side of the table and working with them.
And also like making sure that we find the money to actually do it. So okay, so wall goes up on money and then also finding the money. Yeah. Because once the the wall's comes up, you know, they are already looking for an out. And then it's like you're trying to take something away from you, you know? Yeah, I have this limited amount of resources and you're trying to get them.
And it's like Yeah, I think I understand. I've talked to a few people on committed coaches. It's like Okay, so they buy a supplement and then what do you do? Do you outbound them? Uh so it can be both. They can either schedule a call or they we can outbound them. So the the lead flow goes like this.
They see a VCL from the internet on a supplement. They recognize their pain and they buy it. They can do from one to 12 to nine supplements it's what we often see. Okay? And from there we have a speed to lead of 2 seconds that we can start calling people. Now we're in a new dialer that is we're working some things out but it's pretty good.
And from there what we do is we confirm the address to build up authority. That's why we do it. Yeah. I think I think yeah, you can pause it there cuz I think I know it relatively well. I can start to answer your question, right? So okay, so you you're they're either booked or you outbound them. They bought the supplement and then are they aware of the coaching or is that something that you introduce in the conversation? So if they're doing inbound, they have some sort of an idea of the coaching.
But if it's outbound we introduce them and they don't know to the full extent of the coaching. Many of them don't think it's going to be an added cost. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's the that's the interesting thing. So it's like it's not like the easiest sell, of course, right? Because it's like you're introducing a new solution to them whilst in it.
Although you don't want to like that kind of mindset doesn't help you, right? It's like, oh it's not going to be easy. It can mean that oh you find you know, you shut down. So we'll skip that for a second. So so we just know that okay, they're not going to know it. So they're not going to be solution aware and the wall goes up on money.
So the key thing for me here is like I'd imagine most of them believe that like getting the supplements is enough, right? On some level. So that used to be uh one of the problems that we were having, but we went around on solving the the solution. Like, we said whenever they say so, is this supplement not going to be enough for me? So, and we go like, our main goal for you here, and I'm sure this is your goal as well, is to have an exact game plan on what the proper protocol and supplementation got to be. Because what we often find is
that A, people have multiple different problems, or they have excess weight, or they have a combination that makes their situation frequent. Or, option two, they just want to speed up the results in a long-term way. Okay. So, you can tell them telling them like the results, yeah, they're looking to go for. Yeah. So, yeah.
The wall goes up on money when when you just when you just pitch. How much how much is it for the coaching? Depends on how much weight do you want to lose on the situation overall, but at the very minimum, it's it can be 1750 for the whole year, or 900 for 3 months on a scholarship. 1750. So, $1,750 for the whole year.
Exactly. That's pretty good. Okay, so where my mind goes, right, is that and I'm going to go over this in one of the other trainings, but I'll go over it quickly cuz I know there's time, right? So, what happens when someone's buying something, right? You find out what they want, right? You find out the data behind it, typically, right? Like, I want to lose XYZ pounds, right? Uh 20 pounds, 50 pounds, whatever it is for them, and then you find their strategy to try and solve that problem, that gap.
So, in this case, they're buying supplements. Our job, really, is to help them realize that the doubt on that current strategy, and also the fact that they need a better strategy. And the way to do that with yours is more interesting cuz they don't know what your solution is about yet, a lot of the time.
They don't know about coaching. But you can start to introduce that in in like, okay, like what have you done? Okay, now you got the supplements, what have you done to what else have you done to try and fix this problem? So, actually, they don't even have the supplements. A lot of times, they just bought it, or it's 2 days in where they haven't gotten yet.
>> Okay, they haven't even got the supplements yet. Yeah, yeah. So, I would go I know I would be like, I know you haven't received the supplements yet, though what have you what else have you actually done to fix this problem? Okay, and then what the point I'm looking for for them the point I really want for them to land is one point, which is, hey, you you and anybody really needs coaching so that actually this problem actually gets fixed.
I would I do that I'd start to insert like very specific doubt questions. I guess what do you with what you I know you're getting the supplements, but what do you have in place in terms of another human being installed next to you? So that so that actually these markers that you said are actually being fully fixed.
Might be like, well, I'm getting the sup might be like, well, I'm getting the supplements. No, I understand, right? Though what's the definition of the word supplement? You know what that includes. Is a supplement, right? And I'm and I'm saying cuz can I share and I might be I'm going to be a bit more like flex my experience here with them.
Like my mindset going in is like yeah, everybody needs the coaching. That's where I I would sell myself on. Everybody needs the coaching to receive the result, really. So, I sell them on that. Mhm. Yes. What I've found in the past And it's not always clean, by the way. It's tough sometimes, right? Cuz people are really adamant in what they're doing.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I'll I'll help you with that as well if you want. Yeah. Yeah. Like if some people are like really stuck in their way of thinking, like, hey, like I know what's best. One of my favorite frames is a really good one to steal. I've been teaching this to really good effect is um let's say you're talking to someone that's like, yeah, but I bought the supplements, right? I just want the supplements to arrive, blah blah blah, right? I'm like, hey, I totally understand, right? It's not uncommon.
Equally, just cuz I've had a we've been doing this for a few years, can I share offer a perspective? Yes, sure. This is a bit outside this conversation, but what do you do for work? Oh, I'm in IT, right? Ah, okay, and how long have you been doing that for? And what do you specifically do in IT? Well, I'm the manager of the network manager, blah blah blah, right? Okay.
The thing is I'm not a network manager, right? I actually know nothing about it. So, but I can imagine for you doing it for 10 years, you probably know a lot of the mistakes that people make in that arena, right? Yeah, I do. Yeah. See, I since I know nothing, right? But if I came to you about IT networks and maybe I wasn't quite hearing what you were saying, would that really make much sense? No.
Right? You get that point to land with them so that they realize, actually, I should listen to you because the reality is you have miles more experience than they do in this area. Okay. Okay. >> That's a good frame to have to have in your back pocket if they're not listening to you. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. That's interesting. Yeah.
Um That's very common across the board. It's like, you meet a lot of people that are like, in everything you sell, like they think they know it all. Right? >> Yeah. Definitely. That works because it's going into their schema. Right? They realize, yeah, actually I know I know a lot about IT. And blah blah blah blah, and then they realize, yeah, actually I would want somebody to listen to me, so why am I not listening to you? And they and the point lands.
So, and then you let it let them know with a clear and I'm I'm saying this because like yourself, we we just have the experience. Because when you have a human then I would take it back to doubt in some way. Cuz you get a point to land in doubt, you do it really, really well, right? When you get a point to land, you then consequence that point, and you tie it off with a mini commitment.
So, what I would do here is like, yeah, because in any area of life, if you don't have somebody that you are you're talking with so that you do the things that you're slightly reluctant to do, what happens to that problem still? Yeah, but it continues, right? What do you think that does that problem go, or does it what? It stays.
Yeah. And that's that's and that is and if that happens, what happens for you? Might go down into a consequence, right? Okay, so for you, do you want to change that? Because from experience, we know how to. Something like that is what I would do. Okay. Okay. That's a long winded answer, but go for it. Hopefully that lands.
You might have to go over that a few times, or ask me a question next week if it doesn't make sense or whatever. Yeah, that makes sense. Thanks, yeah. Yeah, got it. Cool. All right, who we on? Oh, Nick. Let's go for Nick. One thing I'll do by the way, I forgot to do. Uh Nick, go for it. I'm just going to leave.
I do leave a calendar link usually if anybody Some of you guys might know this or don't know this, so I work with people one-to-one that actually really want to ramp up, right? I mean, typically, they're making at least sort of at least 8 10K plus a month, but I'll leave it there, right? Any of you that do want to ramp up still further and grow.
Uh but go for it, Nick. Thank you, brother, for hosting this and for remembering to invite me. I do appreciate it. Yeah, sure. No problem. My question has more to do with mindset uh because obviously there's an ebb and flow uh for everybody in sales, and I'm still relatively new to it and selling in my second industry.
I'm actually on the same offer with Lucia. We're working with Caden. Um so I guess what I've come to find out is that ultimately, managing your emotions helps you succeed here, and you can't get down when when you're not catching anything. Yes. Can you speak to that in terms of uh shifting your frame of mind, shifting your mindset, uh changing direction when when you see negative thoughts or whatever, just anything along those lines would be great.
>> Yeah, that's actually a really good question. I love that question, right? It's quite a deep one, but I'll try and give you a short answer, right? Cuz we could talk for 6 hours on that, maybe, right? Is uh there's different there's different modalities that you can do to shift.
I'm going to translate the question cuz what you're ultimately talking about is how do you change your mood, which another way of talking about it through like NLP language would be like shifting state. Mhm. Right? There's there's the different modalities that you can use. Um one of my favorite ones is it's like self-concept work where you find cuz what you'll find is logically I know, right? Logically, I know I shouldn't go I shouldn't go up and down.
But actually, it's still happening in your body, right? And your nervous system and your unconscious. So, you got to understand how the unconscious works. The unconscious works through like your unconscious will have a representation system in some type of symbols, right? And it will have positions and things in places.
So, what you want to do, and this is like this is like a shortcut that doesn't always work, but it's one I'll give you now, right? There's other types of work you can do. But you might common thing in sales you have like a conversation keep playing around in your head, right? It's like just there.
You just can't get can't shake it off, right? Like I should have done better with that. Now then you look at like what state do you want to be in? What state do you want to be in throughout the day? Just just yeah, tell me. Well, me personally once I've made a sale, it's easier to make the next one and the next one and the next one.
If I get one in early, I stay on a heater all day. So, that's kind of the mindset that would be ideal to be in at all times. So, let's look at that let's look at that. When that happens, right? What are you um How is that represented in your mind? That memory. That experience. Like pictures, sounds, like just explain to me not not the content necessarily, but the structure of how it looks in your mind or sounds or feels.
Well, for me it's thrilling when you lead somebody in and they're persuading themselves to go for it and they tell you thank you at the end. They're glad to give you the money for the solution. Not everybody is like that. >> that's the content, right? The what you did there is is is it like a picture or movie? Like I saw you look to the top left.
Is it like that or what's it like for you? As you start to think of an experience or a memory. Um like physically I just like for me it's like I feel it like I don't know my face, my mind, like it's like uplifting. It's like empowerment, you know what I mean? >> Empowerment. You see you can feel feet like feeling might be the mode that you're you're experiencing it.
Is that like is it like represented in you as a picture as well or a movie or what's it like? No, uh not really like a movie just because I'm talking to them on the phone. So, you know, but if I was if I was a car salesman doing it in person maybe it would, but for me it's more about just the thrill of victory, writing the number down, what I sold, posting on the little Slack group, you know.
Can you see yourself doing that? Whilst doing it or how does it look? It's just like the feeling like I get off on like the little emoticons when people are like congratulating you and like you feel like you're you're moving up. That's me it's less about a Yeah. What's less about a picture and >> a second.
I'll explain this, right? Because we're still going a little bit into content, but what you'll find is that you can make these changes through structure. So, um our mind has these representations systems, right? It is this like NLP almost, right? Which is either in like pictures or movies or in feelings or in sounds. Mhm.
But what I'm getting a sense is maybe you have like a mental correct me if I'm wrong. You might be seeing a mental movie of posting on Slack, seeing the congrats from people and the feeling that creates in your body. Right? Would I be wrong? Would that would is it is it a movie or no? Or is it just a feeling? It's more of a feeling.
Okay, so it's just a feeling, right? Now, and you're feeling where you where do you feel that in your body? Like I guess it like in my my mind, my face, my shoulders. It's like an adrenaline type thing where like I you know, I'm working at home like to tell my wife, "Hey, I closed this thing today." Like that's really exciting.
Let it pause there a second. Can can you feel it now? Can you allow your body just to feel it now? Well, I did well yesterday, so I'm still kind of feeling it yes from yesterday. Yeah. So, the what I want you to do is almost separate this the content from the structure. The structure is the shoulders, the face. >> Mhm.
The sensation or change in the body. So, where am I going with this is this. So, when you are going through a poor let's say a poor period, right? It's a good term to use in selling, right? Being poor. And then can you allow yourself to transform that experience in the same physiological changes in your body? I mean, I could try.
I know I know a little bit about that. So, yeah, that's That's what I'm saying. Try it, right? And not just try it, do it. Right? Like there was a conversation him and I had which is where I felt like I could have done better in the I was second-guessing myself. Should I have should I have tried to push for something or should should I just agree to the next step that we agreed to? And it was playing on my mind.
And I realized the state that I wanted to be in is calm. The representation for me for calm is like when I wake up first thing in the morning I do inner transformation work or I walk my dogs, right? And in that for me that representation is like almost like a mini movie, very short like a GIF almost, and I'm really immersed in it.
So, what I did was I transformed this experience of second-guessing what was going on right now to that representation system. And it changed it a lot. It didn't fully go away, but I'm trying to give you like a the quickest thing we can go through here. But it shifted it a lot for me just being to I should should I have done this? Should I have done that? type thought process I was in.
That's what you can do here. When you find your representation system for a state that you want to be in, transform the state that you're in now into that structure. For me it's being immersed in a movie. For you it's these physiological changes in the body. So, just allow that to happen. Or invite that invite that to happen.
It's not completely perfect because like you're there's still an element of forcing it slightly. Mhm. But like transformation really comes well when it's not through forcing. But that's a really good that's a really good really powerful way of doing things, by the way. To at least get you unstuck. It might not last fully, but it's still pretty good way of doing it.
Did that make sense? Any questions on that at all? No, it does make sense. It's it's like, you know, Tony Robbins teaches anchoring. They're similar, right? Like a you kind of have like a gesture or something and like for you it's like imagining walking your dogs, having that calm time in the morning. >> Yeah, but it's not it's not the content you see, right? It's the structure.
It's this is the key piece that we get confused by. The structure for me is being fully immersed. So, I have the same experience of me going around and around, but I'm just like, "Let me just change that experience to being fully immersed in it." And the weird thing is is it transforms it. As as I just as I just did it now in myself, my shoulders relaxed.
So, that's the that's a really cool piece, right? There's other things though that we can do core transformation work, wholeness work, but that's longer and out of the scope because of the time. Yeah. Cool. Hopefully that was helpful. >> Very helpful. Thank you. You're welcome. I'm going to I'll stay a little bit for a couple more people.
I've got Adrian, go for it. Hey, how's it going, Craig? Hey, how's it going, Adrian? Pretty good. Um this should be fairly quick and I'm going to try to make it as simplistic as possible Sure. to make it concise, but uh I'm on an offer for a job placement and it's for VP like C-suite executives, right? And the problem that I'm that I'm having is the way that we market is more so offering advice or um like educational, right? And >> Okay.
I don't really know how to introduce myself on the call cuz usually like it's it should be like outcome performance, right? So, even if they lie about it, say like, "Hey, I'm at 250 now. I want to be at 300, 500, whatever it is." That's outcome focused. I could talk to that. I could speak with that and then I could uncover the uh I got to be honest.
>> on that for a second. So, the marketing says just what jump on a call for education? Is that what it is or Yeah, more or less. So, right now I don't know the the the full scope of the marketing because I'm new to this offer. Yeah, yeah. Okay, you got to understand the market.
Yeah, it's it's annoying thing sometimes cuz in sales you can be siloed a little bit, right? Though, yeah, you got to understand what it is that they're marketing and what what's the difference between that and what they're selling. So, if I'm on your offer, right? I'd need to know I personally need to know like what's the offer that's different than just education.
What do you provide? So, we provide them like exclusive job offers. So, things that are typically not like on job sites and things like that. But so so this is the nuance. Um a lot of these people like you have to uncover and this is with every offer. You have to uncover the problem that they they really they they really need, right? The reason why they want to move on because they're in a good position.
They're making good money. So, the money's not really a tangible. That's why I thought it was so much easier for us to like just have it on um like whatever we're whatever we're marketing, right? Just say like, "Hey, what is it that you want?" "Oh, I want to be >> I think I know what you're talking about. Pause there a second.
But what what's your specific question? Cuz I might I might talk too long about this so we actually answer it. >> Right, right. So, specifically I'm just saying how would I be able to um dive into their pain point or get into an outcome they outcome based conversation with our marketing being just helping with or just offering advice.
So, if our marketing is just offering advice, right? Or like helpful tips or whatever the thing is, how can I change that conversation at the beginning and make it outcome focused? To me it's not like I don't think it's diff- I think we might be overthinking it being difficult. Is um So, they jump on with you, right? And I would be like I guess you can word it in different ways.
You just got to know what's the outcome that you want them to say at the start, ultimately. I mean, I think that's what you may be asking. Then you can come up with the right question afterwards. What do you want them to really say? What What types of answers do you need? Mhm. So, like >> them to say I'm in this role No.
>> making this much. What do you want them to say? I want to step up to this level. I think for me I'd want to at least know what's What are you aiming to achieve? >> What's the next step in your career? Probably be like my first type of question. So, usually like the very broader simplistic version is just like, "Hey, what are you looking to achieve?" And then they say X, Y, and Z.
But because we're we're marketing towards like like helping or offering advice, they're like, "Hey, I don't know. Like I'm being poached by like C-suites or VPs of this company. So, I don't I haven't been in this space before. So, give me advice or give me help on what I should be looking for.
" Right? That doesn't really help >> looking for advice on? And yes, see for me it has to be very contextual. Like So, basically they're coming on This is just like change of intent, right? Like they're coming on to the call for advice on what? On advice advice on going to the next level. Whether that be VP or C-suite or just landing the role.
Okay, so they're they're trying to get advice on how to land the role. Your basic Your solution is we get you the role. Is that the difference? Exactly. Right. Yeah. Yeah, so basically for you, you want to change orient the conversation to like you need to find out Okay, what what type of role are you going for? Okay.
And this Okay, what are you Like you start to find their strategy. That's like my I have a map to conversation generally. It's like, "What do you want?" Right? Is what I look to find or the problem you want to solve depending on what the offer is. Then I look to find the data behind it in some way.
So, this person would be like maybe the income gap jump or what whatever it is for them that they really want. And then from there I look at like I'd find their strategy. Like how are you going about getting to what you want? And our solution is always a better strategy than the one they currently have, right? That's how I simplify it in my mind.
You might need to reorient them a little bit a bit like how we talked about earlier with um on the committed coaches cuz their intent For example, the committed coaches is just to get the supplement. Are you what they really need to get what they want is also the coaching. So, for you it's like their intent might be let me just get advice.
Well, actually what they really need is like basically opportunities like the best opportunities landing on like coming to them. Right? So, you you need to build like a specific doubt sequence so that they get that realization. Otherwise, what they'll always think is that their strategy is good enough and fine. Mhm.
So, how do you do it? And discuss it so that cuz of time is you look at you just Well, basically journal on what is it that my solution does that's better than what they are trying to do, right? Well, I'm familiar with that uh part of it. It's just with these guys they're they're not doing anything.
Like they're they're getting these opportunities on their own. Like people are coming to them. They're seeking them out. They just want to make sure if they're making this jump that they actually get the role. And they want to do everything that they can to get land that role. So, does your solution Does your solution solve that for them? For the most part, we we do a lot of things to help them uh improve their uh let's say improve the likelihood of them getting the job.
Okay, yeah. So, that's where like you've got to get That's where you have to get a bit more granular, you see, right? But especially with people that are more experienced, you have to get more into like the grani- granular specifics. Otherwise, they'll always leave thinking Well, I could just go back to doing what I'm doing.
Mhm. So, you have to get granular in knowing your offer well in in the sense that um you've got to know the specific things you do to help them get hired. Right. Right. It's the same thing with me, for example. It's like often people come to me who've done a lot of sales training, right? If I'm not very precise on like how it is I we I help create growth then it doesn't get anywhere.
Mhm. >> Right? So, it could be multiple things. People aren't actually People are doing too many things and they're not actually getting direct feedback on the delta and growth cuz they've got somebody that looking through it all Mhm. to see it. Cuz in selling there's like Well, anything you start there's too many things you can do.
And eventually what happens is you start to grow it's only like three things that will allow you to grow. And then eventually it gets like there's only one thing that if you find and you have to correct that one thing that will get you to grow. Exactly. >> And becomes harder to find. Right. But you can't really do that unless you have somebody there like with you on a one-to-one basis.
If you want to do it consistently rather than waste time, right? So, that's that My questions would be around that. Like who do you have there that's your meeting with on a one-to-one basis to get very specific um to find that very specific delta so that you grow consistently. Okay. So, I mean I just want So, it sounds like Correct me if I'm wrong and and you can move on, but it sounds like you really focus more on their goal instead of like their pain.
Um goal like No, I will I will get into pain later, right? Like we can For me pain comes a bit later, but the biggest thing, right? Is This is a really good point. This came to me yesterday is a human being will never buy your thing if they don't understand why your strategy is miles better than theirs. Mhm. Right.
That's why these people are not buying. Mhm. Ultimately, right? They have to get It has to be made very clear in their brain like they realize that oh crap, my way of doing things is just like basically S H I T in a way, right? Or it's not going to get them what they want. Yeah.
So, that's the thing we need to work on uh for yourself here. All right. It's such a key thing for so many offers. Right. And I tried to make it not um be so specific that it could be, you know, uh somebody can get helpful advice from this other than myself. So, I appreciate it. No, no, of course. Like you're here, be selfish, right? Like you turned up.
Uh Jayda, go for it before we jump. Jayda, if you're there. Or if you're not there, then we're going to jump. All right. Okay. Good see you guys. Like I said, the link's there if you want to install that growth system. Other than that I will see you all next week. Take care. Take care.
