Hey guys, Cheyan here. I've been in
sales for over four years at this point
and over my four years of experience,
the most important thing I've learned is
sales is all about transition,
transformation, and making changes. And
this is something we apply for our
clients, prospects, and ourselves as
well at the same time. Now, over the
four years, the more important thing
I've taken away is I've scaled multiple
different accounts from 100K per month
up to millions per month. And I've been
able to do the same for the multiple
sales reps and sales teams I have
trained. So I've got them from a
position of taking home 1K per month as
a commission only sales rep to gain to
50k per month as a commission only sales
rep. Now is that easy? Absolutely not.
Is that for everybody? Absolutely not.
What it ultimately comes down to is your
understanding of your ICP and your
client on your call. So what we're going
to go deep into during our sessions is
diving deep into your ideal client. what
the characteristics of that client looks
like and then from there creating a
process to speak to them. For example,
if you're speaking to B2B guys, business
owners that are high high profile, there
have to be certain language patterns and
there has to be certain terminology used
to show that you are consultative and
you are educated about their market and
you can actually help them cuz that's
what they want. Right? Now, if you're in
B2C, it's all about helping them make a
transition from let's say becoming an
employee into a business owner. and what
kind of language they need to start
adopting and what kind of decisions do
they need to start making as a business
owner so that they can excel there.
Right? So these are just some little
aspects we're going to be covering. I'm
a firm believer that sales is not black
and white especially at the highest
level. It's a lot of nuance. It's a lot
of gray zones just as Ma even talks
about. So on our sessions we're going to
be bridging the gap and going into some
of the gray elements so you can sell to
your audience in your style. So the
whole aim is for you guys to show up,
for me to give feedback, for you to
implement, get results, become the best.
