Yo, hello. >> Hey, Aaron. How's it going? >> It is going well. Good to see you. How you doing today? >> Yeah, I'm I'm doing great. How are you doing? >> I'm doing freaking fantastic. I cannot complain. Have I met you before on the call? Your name looks familiar, but I don't think we've met. No, no. Um I I got your course this weekend.
Um I saw like your intro video and I watched some replays recently. I just joined in to Matt's um community and I just I love some things that you were saying. Um so I wanted to like get on here and talk to you about it and see, you know, what we could go from there. >> Well, these calls are pretty low attendance for the first like 20 minutes, so the floor is yours.
Whatever you need, I'm here to help. >> Cool. Um the things that really caught my attention with you is like you talking about like the mindset stuff and having fun and energy on your calls. Like I really do um am loving hearing that and then enjoying the pro the process. There was a thing that you said people are agreeing to go with you before you even tell them what to do.
And I'm like huh I'd like to hear a little bit more about that. Um so I do have your course on go going through some of that stuff. I went through like the fuel section today. I really like kind of how you were doing that. Um anyway, that's kind of what drew me to the call just to kind of >> for sure >> talk with you more and get some more time with you and pick your brain.
>> Yeah. So, it's the whole people making a decision before I tell them what the program is. Uh that is one going to be partially process, right? So, everything you're learning inside of the course on the 10-step framework, just implementing that alone is going to get you 80% of the way there. Um, okay.
The other piece of it is going to be just the energy that I carry, right? So, like everything we talked about in that little intro video, I talk about it a lot in the course as well. Really, all of my content on Instagram, on YouTube, etc., is all about being very present with the person that you're speaking with. So, like, I'm not looking at a script and trying to talk to you and trying to make sure that you fit into my boxes and do what I want you to do.
I'm just very present with you. my my mentality, my focus is how can I help this person? Uh, and because I'm operating from that place, one, I don't have to keep track of the next thing in the script and always have to be thinking about what to say. But then on the flip side of it, like I have fun, and because I'm having fun, they have fun.
And when they're having fun, they're more likely to buy from me because I give them good feelings. And so, it's a dog hair. uh keeping my energy high is like a big part of of that as well. Um but I guess specifically what questions do you have? What elements of that do you feel like you might struggle to implement or have struggled to implement on your own? >> Yeah.
No, I just totally get what you're saying there because sometimes I'll get kind of caught up in the script like making sure I'm following it here and I'm like what did they just say? So, I'm like, "Okay, I need definitely need to be more present in the conversation." Um, there sometimes I could feel like I'm multitasking on the call and I'm like, I'm not listening.
Well, >> well, a big part of that as well, what I would recommend is doing role plays with other people. So, what what do you like niche are you selling in? Like, tell me a little bit about you. >> Yeah. Um, so I sell to painting contractors that are growing their companies. Well, two avatars. People that are getting into the business, like a bizop, and then people that already have a business and they're kind of stuck and they need some help.
>> And what are you selling? >> Coaching. >> Okay. Gotcha. And so the coaching program is to help them build up their painting business. >> Yeah. Helps them anything with it, like if they have problems or starting a business or >> Okay, gotcha. So, your sale might be slightly different because you're dealing with people who are starting up a business, which means that that's going to be more of yours uh like a almost like a bisop type of thing, which means that you can go a little bit more on the nose with your emotional
questions uh than you would be able to with say like a a person who already has an established small business and is looking for business services. So, it's a little bit of a different sale. Uh yeah, >> it's debatably easier. um debatably uh because you can ask them more on the nose questions.
Things like how would that impact your family? What would that mean for you? Uh h how would you feel if you were able to to have XYZ business and be making ABC amount of money each month? Like what would that what would that be able to do for you? What do you feel like you could unlock? Like those types of questions.
uh you can't ask that to a business owner who's looking for a business service, right? Uh it's a different type of sale. >> That gives me a little bit more context. Um I would >> now we do help business owners too, >> like their margin ain't there, they're not getting enough um leads and you know, stuff like that. >> You have to recognize that they're going to be different sales conversations depending on who you're speaking to, right? Um, my recommendation when you talked about the multitasking thing is just doing a lot of role plays. So,
finding people who sell similar services that you do, hopping on calls with them and practicing through your script. The way that I've found to do role plays the most effectively is not you trying to teach them and them trying to teach you because both of you are in the process of learning.
So, it's kind of like the blind leading the blind. It's not very effective. Uh but instead if you just run through the call as you have it scripted out and then ask them how they felt if they as the prospect would have bought from you or what they like let's say you're halfway through your discovery like they would say was like oh I feel resistance like I felt resistance when you asked this question.
You're not looking for them to coach you on what you should say instead. You're just looking for what they felt as the prospect. And it gives you a really good opportunity to learn what a prospect feels when you're in a sales conversation with them, which you're not going to get typically in a sales call until you're like super advanced.
So, you could just like get them to just spill all their guts to you. Um, >> so that would be my recommendation because then you can get all of the practice of like understanding your flow, getting it built into muscle memory out of the way on your practice runs. So then when you're actually playing the game on game day on a sales call, then you're not thinking about what's the next question in my script because you've just done it so many times.
Another thing that helps as well is having a small little notepad up in the corner and I keep bullet points. So like my discovery framework is hell bridges heaven fuel. So it's L bridges heaven fuel literally just up on a little thing and then I have the sub frameworks right next to it. So if I ever lose track, I could just glance, be like, "Oh, that's what it is.
" And then go back without having to read a question on a script. >> Yeah, that makes sense. That that helps a lot, too. Um the company I'm with, they they got to have a script already, so I'm kind of just plugging in questions here and there. Um like right when we get on the call, we're talking about they want us to ask, you know, why now? Why us? And I feel like that would almost be where the fuel now goes.
But it seems like it's too early. >> It depends. So, um, how is your organic presence on like social media, things like that? >> Is is really good. We got a lot of case studies, good reviews, all that kind of stuff. >> Okay. And most of your leads, do they know who you guys are before they book in? >> It depends on if they're coming from organic or ads.
>> Sure. If they're coming from organic, you can totally start off with the why did you choose us, right? That's a that's a great way to start because they did choose you out of everyone else and they viewed you as the expert. So then when you hop on the call, you're just bringing that up at the beginning of your call and it sets the frame for the rest of your conversation.
So that's not a bad thing. Uh saying, "Why do you feel like you need to make this decision now as opposed to later being the first question in your script might be a little bit weird, but saying why did you choose to book a call with us in particular is not a bad question. Maybe I misunderstood what you're saying your first question is.
>> No, no, that that's definitely what And it's a two call process, too. So, that's it's on the first call and the second call kind of like the same question. Um, too, but >> Well, are you the the setter doing the first call? >> I am. I'm kind of doing a hybrid roll right now. >> Okay. Gotcha.
Well, I was about to say if you're not the setter, you can get away with asking all the questions the setter asked because you're not setter. So, >> yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So, I I guess I'm just kind of um trying to massage in some questions that I'm learning into kind of like the script that I already have. >> For sure. >> I will say this specific process that I teach is more tailored to the business owner, the person who already has an established business who is a little bit more logical in their decision-m process. Um, that's why this particular
call is not just like blanket sales training. I've done sales in different roles and like I I tend to perform well wherever I go, but I have performed the best overall and have developed this entire process from selling to small business owners who are more skeptical prospects in the beginning. When you're dealing with someone who's like just starting out their business, they're more looking for an opportunity.
They're not like measuring you against 18 different other competitors, you know? >> Yeah. Yeah. that we could buy about half and half um new took them business owners. I feel like the business owner swans that we get um it's more like they just got low cash flow so they don't have a ton of extra money floating around um to kind of >> what's the size of the businesses that you're talking to and what's your price >> they're the size is all over some of them are doing like 50,000 some of them are around you know three 400 revenue um
>> oh okay >> all right so basically I mean someone's doing. You're saying like $300 a month in and >> No, no, no, no. 300K. >> 300,000. Okay, that sounds much better cuz you were talking about 50 and I thought you were saying 50 was the high number. I was like >> 50,000. >> Yeah. Okay, this makes sense.
Um and then what's the price of your program? >> We have two programs. One's um 107, one's 27. >> Okay, that's not too bad. Um, but you're saying that a lot of the business owners that you're talking to don't have the funds to afford it. >> Their margins are low and they that's they they need help. They're just winging.
They're not like estimating, right? So then they come out of a job and they're barely making any money and they're wondering why, you know, like they're on a hamster wheel all the time. >> Interesting. And your coaching program is helping them make more profit on their jobs. Yeah, it's one thing. Yeah. >> Okay. Okay.
I mean, I find it interesting the if the coaching program is centered around attracting business owners who have notoriously low margins on their projects and don't make a lot of money and then you charge 20some thousand. It makes sense that you're going to get a lot of financial objections. So, >> yeah. Well, it's not centered just around that.
It's just, hey, your business is struggling. You need some help kind of thing. [clears throat] >> Sure. Yeah, that makes sense. >> I mean, like I I personally, right, like I don't sell uh I've sold coaching programs, but like the framework that I teach isn't like completely linked to it, but like I'm happy to help in whatever ways that you need.
If you have like specific questions or specific things that you want to clear up or talk through, I'm here for you, dude. >> Yeah, I appreciate it. I know I'm not like an agency person, but I think that's what more of the call was. I just really wanted today just learn more about like the mindset stuff you do and like do you have a process before um you know getting on a call and stuff like that like you know and I know the morning routine and even the night before all leads up to that um getting good sleep and then getting your head in
the right spot, getting your energy in the right spot. I see you walking up. I like to stand um a lot because I feel like you just got more energy and you move around a little bit more and you're not like just blah kind of um on the call. Do you have can you say talk about any of that or is >> uh know how much sleep you need? I'm someone who needs a good chunk of sleep, nine hours.
Uh go to bed at the same time every night and that's determined largely by establishing a nighttime routine. And that's determined largely by just reverse engineering your way all the way through the whole day. So I don't start my day in the morning in terms of like planning out my day from the morning onward. I start my day in the like backwards.
So I'm like, "All right, if I want to wake up at, you know, 4:50 in the morning, I need to go to bed by this time. And if I'm going to go to bed by this time, then I need to make sure that I finished, you know, my movie with my wife that I do every night. I need to start that movie by this time, which means I need to be finished working at this time.
Dinner needs to be done by this time. And I just work backwards. Uh, so that's one thing that's helped a lot. Um, getting at least 6 to 10,000 steps a day minimum, eating clean for the most part, you know, enjoying life. I mean, the basic stuff, right? uh I don't have a a lot of what I've learned about mindset is that it's not actually the mindset that needs the focus.
Uh it's not even the routine that needs the focus. It's awareness over what's going on internally where most people are pretty blind. Uh so any sort of mindfulness or awareness techniques that you're able to do to just be aware of what's going on internally because those feelings that we have are what dictates our decisions.
So we understand on a sales side that people make decisions based off of emotion and rationalize it afterwards. We know that as sales professionals. However, we very rarely apply that same logic to us. When we look at our life and we make decisions that are not optimal, we don't look at the emotions. We look at our thoughts and we think that it's our thoughts that determine it.
When in reality, like we know better than anyone that it's our emotions that drive our decisions and we don't apply the same logic to ourselves. And so if we become aware of the emotions that we are feeling and either running away from, so trying to escape by taking different actions, uh suppressing, so pushing down or expressing and venting onto other people, which are all the most unhealthy ways of handling emotions.
If we become aware of that, then we can uh catch the emotions before they lead us to take suboptimal actions. uh and then let go of the emotion itself which is I mean largely just due to realizing that you are not your thoughts and you are not your emotions. If you were aware of the thing that means that you are not the thing and so having a certain separation.
Have you read man's search for meaning? >> Victor Frankle. >> What was it again? >> Uh man's search for meaning by Victor Frankle. There's a very good line in there. It's a very famous line. uh between stimulus and action there is a space and it is in that space that we have the freedom to make a decision according to our values and the more time we spend in stillness rather than go go do do.
The more time we spend sitting still, not thinking, not doing, and just being aware of what's happening in our body, the more space we create between stimulus and reaction. Animals have stimulus and they react according to the that stimulus. But we humans are different in the sense that we can actually expand that space and make decisions according to values rather than our feelings.
And so there's a lot more underneath that uh inside I have a coaching program where like every other week I do a call and I actually break down this exact stuff. Human consciousness. Uh how that affects sales. Like I just this past week taught about the three states that people operate from on sales calls which is the inertia state, the energetic state, and the peaceful state.
And how that affects how exhausted we feel or how much we try to multitask. And like it's tied into consciousness. Uh so I literally just did that master class this past week. I'll send you here. Let me let me send you the link to the community if you want to join. I mean it's free. I mean it's a dollar to get into the community, but >> I presume it's not a problem.
Um once you join, I'm going to tag you on that specific call. >> And then you can check that out as well. Cool. >> So, I just dropped in the chats. >> Sure. I think it >> it's the school community agency world. >> Okay, perfect. Yeah, I got to um jump to another call, but um yeah, I appreciate everything so far and I'll um I'll jump in there and um see what that's all about, too.
>> Sounds good. 100%. All right, have a great one, Rachel. You too. Byebye.
