Who here is familiar I suppose with kind of like besides just like mainstream like traditional sales stuff who is familiar with what I what I focus a bit more on versus who's like oh no I'm just here because you know there's a training on the calendar >> the TQ right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Matteo now >> little bit you guys too much.
>> I do any DQ. Is it different? >> Uh, yeah. Yeah, I'd say like it is. So, um, quick like just really quick obviously if any if you guys are looking for any help on, you know, like roleplay feedback or some help with like structure or scripting. Um, personally, you know, I mean, I've gone through like NEPQ and I was, you know, one-on-one sales trainer there for the inner circle clients like two years.
So, all that I've got down. Um, but I'd say the, uh, I don't know, my superpower or my unique selling point, I suppose, is the EQ aspect. And so, uh, I suppose the the way that I describe it is, um, imagine that your script, your or your structure, whatever you want to call it, is sort of the safe path from one side of a battlefield to the other.
It's like that's the the clear the path that's clear of minds. So, that's what we're trying to figure out, you know, how do I get from one end to the other and I kind of get, you know, maximize the chance I get the outcome I want. I don't create on any landmines. Um, what I can help with is that like I'm sure you can all agree that we deal with humans, not robots.
People are different. And every now and then we might be like, cool, I'm walking this path that I walk that I that I that I always walk. And sometimes we need to be able to identify when suddenly there is a landmine there. And we need to firstly be able to recognize like, oof, okay, there's a landmine there that's maybe not always there.
And then secondly, I need to understand the the most effective path around that and then back into my structure. So I'll put it to you. Do you guys ever remember being like a kid and you're like want to go, you know, you want to go to a party or stay out past your bedtime. Did any of you ever sus out what mood your mom or dad or whatever was in before you asked? >> Yeah. Many times.
>> Yeah. >> Yeah. Why? Why did you sus that out first as opposed to just being like, I don't know, your mom's storming around the kitchen like swearing under her breath and you're like, "Hey, mom, by the way, can I go to a party?" >> Yeah. Why didn't you just do that? >> This is obviously not the right time.
>> But why not? >> Because you're probably going to get a no because she's not in the mood to hear a request from you. >> Yeah. So even as a kid like most of us understand that the state that our parent is in will influence the outcome >> and so we might adjust how we communicate. a mom, right? We adjust how we communicate or we might just opt to like wait until she's in a better mood before we ask or go ask our other parent like mom's not in a good mood.
I'm going to ask this one. So, the thing is is that like we know to do that almost innately even as a child because we get to really know our parents. But how long have we known someone on a sales call for? >> 30 seconds, five seconds. Do you know what I mean? And so like what I want to help people to be able to do is to almost take that knowing that a lot of us do have that already.
It just we don't have the luxury of time and getting to know someone to figure out the most effective way to communicate with them to put ourselves in the best position to get the outcome that we want which is conducive with the outcome that they're looking for as well if we're you know ethical sales people and all that kind of jazz. All right.
So that's how I would describe it. And I want you guys to think about that humans are habitual. And so one of the like a nice easy place to start is just knowing that you know uh if if you think about it our uh we influence what what a person is focusing on using our questions. So if any of you are is anyone here a parent like a dad or guys here? >> Yeah. Sweet.
So Samuel, if I as Matteo, like if I asked you guys enough questions about, hey, take me back to the moment like your first child was born and the moment you held them. And I mean, depending on how you felt uh about becoming a dad, like >> you're going to end up feeling the way that you like reliving that and then feeling that way.
There's emotions attached to memories. >> Mhm. >> Okay. And so if you've got somebody um you know people can feel a a sort of a general way about areas of their life. So for example you might have someone that's super successful in business really really successful. is like, you know, they're just crushing it in business.
But maybe in order to do that, they've like neglected their relationship and now they're having a conversation with you trying to figure out a way to like save their marriage. So, if I was asking that guy questions about his business, he's probably going to feel like a really like a positive way. And but if I having a conversation with this guy about his relationship, he's going to feel completely different about it.
So a place that we can start is looking at much like assessing the most common objections we get on our offer. Yeah. You can look for those kinds of patterns as far as well how do how do how do people genu generally feel about this area of their life that I'm talking to them about? And it's and again much like objections there's going to be a few different ones but there's always going to be like a most common then kind of a second most common and then sometimes you get these random like anomalies.
You know what I mean? Like they just kind of come out of like nowhere. But like that's a good place to start because then you can just focus on okay well how might I be able to adapt the way that I have a conversation with this this person who's in this kind of state to get really effective at that so that the common objections that someone in that state might give me like I can kind of deal with that I can for the most part get that out of the way and then you just move on to others.
Does that make sense guys? >> Yes. Yeah. >> Yeah. All right. So that's enough of a rant. I just want to share that with you so you can think about how you what you might be able to get most out of time with me. Um, but I don't want you guys to be like, "Oh, damn. I actually just wanted to roleplay or or I've got some scripting questions or whatever.
" Like, you can still ask all um you can, you know, you're still free to ask that, too. Okay? So, yeah, just pop your little emoji hand up if you've got questions, want feedback, want to role play, like whatever you need and we'll we'll kind of go around the room. Um, don't sit on putting your hand up because generally depending on the hands, I'll spend more time with people.
So, don't wait till like there's five minutes left and put your hand up. Like just put it up now if you're like I go with someone I want to work on. Um but obviously put your hand up too if anything I suggest to one person kind of triggers a question or you know whatever for you. >> All right, Samuel, how can I help? >> Yeah.
Would you like like an objection question or more like an energy management question in terms of EVQ? >> Uh I just I just want I No, no, no. I I want I want whatever question you have. like don't don't feel like I don't want you to feel um like I'm you know you're not boxed in at all. I just want you to know that if if that brings anything up for you like oh damn actually that that makes me think of a challenge I'm having cool let me know that but if you've just got something else entirely you want to ask about go for it. Yeah.
No, the mo the most pressing question will be for me like is I I run a high volume of calls. So my energy has to stay very consistent across like hundreds of uh emotional interactions like each week. >> So I'm not anxious but there's like a steady background like you know charge or energy. So from an EQ lens like how would you channeling that into more connection? >> Okay.
question and and also appreciate you know your openness and your honesty um for like just >> sharing that you know what I mean >> plenty of us feel that way but not all of us want to like talk about it >> so I'll share this with you here so who here is familiar with the map of consciousness by David R Hawkins or maybe maybe you know Frederick Dodson and his kind of variational version of it >> yeah it's great >> view full screen so This for the most part is like a personal development tool.
Maybe a little bit of a behavioral sort of I know human behavior kind of like tool. Um but essentially it it kind of ranks maybe I should rank probably not the right word. It gives a a a sense of um different states that we can experience as humans from kind of lowle states to high level states. Now it's not good or bad. Yeah.
That's not the lens that we want to look at it through. that's actually not helpful. It's the opposite of helpful. It's just is it appropriate to the situation that we're in or is it appropriate to is it appropriate to the situation? Is it conducive with the outcome that we want? Because every state has a habitual way that a person tends to behave in that state.
So for example, for most people in fear, they the the um the behavioral response is most commonly to withdraw ourselves from that situation to to to remove ourselves from that this uh you know that situation and it's just like automatic that behavior is attached to that emotion and so it's not so much logical as it almost is instinctual.
Now sometimes you'll get people in who who will like in fight but but flight is the most common response. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So now with that as well is like if we're talking about looking at ways to influence someone else's state. State is contagious. It's happening regardless of whether we want it to or not.
It's not something that we like turn on or turn off. Like it's happening. Um and so uh you know much like I said as in asking questions and directing your focus that's influencing your thoughts. Your thoughts influence your feelings and emotions and it's that that drives our behavior. The most important state above all else is is ours.
Okay? Because if you think about it what what tends to happen if you've got two people in pride ego. Yeah. having a conversation or an argument about something like what tends to happen or same you got two people who are in you know like in anger or if I'm like angry or frustrated at somebody because they're afraid to do something that in my mind just like it's just it's simple it's easy like I don't understand what what tends to happen >> is that is it productive or not >> no not usually so the most important
like aspect of this is is being able to is that uh you know foundation for emotional intelligence and EQ is self-awareness is is of your understanding yourself. And so to your point, uh, Samuel, like I mean, you know, obviously we don't want to maybe feel that way cuz it's just not like a great way to feel, but it's also not always conducive with the outcomes that we want because it can mean that we're maybe we're potentially showing up to our calls in in a little bit of like this state. there's like some fear or
worry there about like you know kind of different things or maybe we're doing 10 calls a day, seven days a week and by the end of it we've just got nothing left and we're kind of like I don't even give a [ __ ] at this point you know >> and it's just it's not if a lot of times um people this is these are the states that people are showing up to our calls in in this like when they you know think about this era of of their life it just makes sense.
>> Okay. And so it's it's it's very difficult for us to shift someone on a sales call from a lower level state that's not conducive with them making change into a high level state if we're in a lowle state. So I just wanted to kind of preface that so that like it's a great question. >> Um now back to the question cuz I just want to introduce this.
It's it's you said like you can kind of feel this like maybe you can't 100% put your finger on it but maybe some like a little bit of like anxiety or or just something like that. You know if do you have any idea on like maybe what's behind it? >> You know is there something that you feel like maybe you're like worried about or or is it you just feel like you're stressed or Yeah.
What do you feel might be behind that feeling? I mean the outlook of you know the idea to maintain that to maintain the level that I haven't expand >> yeah the pressure on the things I want to achieve as well. So yeah, that's it. Looking at my calendar, you know, and seeing just those costs sometimes, >> y cool.
It's super common and I've been there, too. Who's been on the sales roller coaster? Like as in like feels like sometimes you're like crushing it. Other times you're like, "Oh my god, do I even know how to sell?" >> Yeah. >> Yeah. That that's what causes it is this it's it's an attachment to outcome. And so what can happen is like we make a sale, we make another one, we make another one, like damn, I'm pretty good at this. This is good.
You got like manager or colleagues going, "Dude, like what's going on? Like you're crushing it." You see commission check and like it's like it's it's amping us up. Okay. And then what can start to happen is the the thoughts creep in of like, oh well, you know what? If what if it's just luck? Like I've just had a good run.
It's just like some good leads. What if I mess this up? like, "Oh, damn." Like, "What if I, you know, I'm on a pretty good run? Like, I I what if it, you know, what if I mess it up?" Like, all those kind of little thoughts creep in, you know, and and then we can kind of like unintentionally like self-sabotage because we go from this kind of maybe state up here >> and we end up triggering and shifting ourselves into this state.
And then ultimately that influences our behavior as in how we show up to our sales calls like how we communicate and and then we end up getting the outcome that like we didn't want to get. >> Make sense? >> Yes. >> So >> yes >> like a good like I would say that just the best place to or the easiest place to start there with that knowing that like our our ego wants to attach to an outcome and ego isn't always just pride.
Ego is um essentially all ego is is like our representation of self. We all want to really see ourselves in this positive light and um it's you know yeah I guess it's a it's a um uh like it's in it's it's driven by insecurity in some way you know like a a worry that like oh you know what what I've got to uphold this kind of image.
So it indicates there's like an attachment to the outcome. You know, it's okay to want to make the sale. It's okay to want to make more sales. It's okay to want to make a lot of money. The problem that a lot of sales reps have is that it's not actually a want. It's a need. As in, if I don't, what does that mean about me? The difference between need and want is want is like I want to make a [ __ ] ton of sales. Like, I really want to.
I want to get to my goal. But if I don't, like that doesn't mean that I'm a bad person. It It might mean that like, all right, cool. Maybe my skill level's not where it needs to be yet. Awesome. Opportunity to grow. It might mean that like, oh, you know, maybe I didn't put as much effort in as I feel like I could.
And, you know, I'm looking at that even through like a positive lens. Um, but there it kind of means, yeah, there's an attachment to the outcome. And so Samuel, I think like if I was to share just a I'm not you know there's plenty of people out there that are that are much more um you know much better I suppose at like helping with you know I guess like I don't know mindset or whatever we want to call it but I think like something that's been helpful for me is really just setting an like just uh resetting with an intention. you
know, it takes a few minutes. You can do it in a few minutes to kind of start your day off to just like get yourself in, you know, a state that's conducive to the outcomes you want. And you might find that we might need to repeat that through the day, you know, because maybe there's been, you know, you maybe you've had a few calls and it's just like, cool, I just need a a bit of a reset.
Or maybe you've had a couple calls, we didn't get the outcome that we were looking for, and you can kind of feel a cool I can feel that that state that I don't really want. um or you know maybe things are going well and you can kind of feel the pressure like kicking in. And so the reason that I suggest that an setting an intention is helpful is because an intention controls our focus.
So just that act of setting an intention. I've got to focus on whatever the intention is and then a focus is they aren't going to influence my thoughts. I'm going to be thinking about that and then our thoughts will kind of create that emotion. So what I mean by that is, you know, you can just kind of you got to just come up with something that's kind of like right for you.
Do you know what I mean? But in these lower level states, we're showing up to sales calls and we're making it about us whether we're it's conscious or not. in these higher level states, we're showing up to our sales call and like we're definitely there for a reason and I might want to make the sale or I want to help this person, but I'm I'm really my intention is like I'm here for this person.
I'm not emotionally attached to whether they move forward or not as in and that's not like doesn't mean I'm not going to do everything I can to help them to do that. But if at the end of the day, like at the end of the day, my intention is kind of like I want to get be able to get off my sales call and hand on heart say that I did everything that I could with the skills that I have now to help this person take the steps forward.
>> Yeah. And you know, like it might mean like, all right, look, I guess what that says is that I might not be good enough yet to help someone like that, but like I just want to at least be able to get, you know, hand on heart say I did everything that I feel like who I am today knew how to do.
Like I gave it my all and that's all that I can, you know, that's kind of like all that I can do. So I'm going with that intention of like it's just to see if I can help. And once I feel like we can help. And if I get to that point where they convince me like, "Yeah, I feel like this would help me, cool, I'm doing everything I can, but knowing at the end of the day, I can't force anybody to do anything.
I can't make anybody do anything." Like, I have to be real with myself about where my skill level is at now. Okay. And and that's kind of for me what has been helpful because Yeah. And reminding myself like it's just a conversation with someone. Yeah. I'm just having a conversation with someone.
I'm looking forward to finding out as much as I can about them and, you know, seeing if we can help. Like, how cool is it that I just get to get on a call every day and kind of find out what's up with a complete stranger's life? Like, they're going to tell me things that they've probably told no one else before.
And just bringing myself back to that place. >> Um, and you can do that in like guys, like 2 minutes. Just come up with a little process where you're kind of like, awesome, this feels good. This feels right for me. And and it doesn't have to be this whole like twohour morning routine thing like no. Okay. Does that help Samuel? >> That helps a lot. So thank you. Yeah.
So you you you would suggest going to every call like in a peace state, right? That would be the ideal. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. I'd say that like the the state that I kind of want to show up to like the call in would be neutrality because neutrality is I'm not disinterested in the outcome. Like I want the outcome but I'm not emotionally attached to whether I get the outcome or not.
As in if I do everything I can to get the outcome and I don't like okay I'm I'm I'm at peace with that. It doesn't mean that I'm a bad person. I'm not a failure. I'm not worthless. Like I don't need it to fulfill some lack inside of me. Okay? Like, and suppose I I I don't get the outcome, you know, I'm just going to look at it from a place of like, all right, you didn't get the outcome.
Like, what can you do differently next time to get the outcome? Do you know what I mean? There's not this I'm not like I'm not making it mean anything negative like about me, but I want I'm still focused on the outcome and I'm going to do everything I can to get the outcome, but not from a place of lack, from a place of abundance, as in like I'm a good person now and I'm good at sales now, but I want to make more sales and I want to be better.
>> Yeah. >> Awesome. Sounds great. >> So for me, what what honestly has been helpful is I just started with a daily habit. I've got like a little 10-minute thing on my calendar and I just spend that time like on exactly what I just shared with you guys. And I just like really focus on kind of creating that state in myself that I want.
>> And then once I'm like, sweet, cool, I get into my day. Yeah. And then you might, like I said, you might find that you might need to repeat that little exercise another once or twice through the day. And what you'll find is that over time, you know, you it'll just become more of like your natural state anyway.
You won't have to do it as much, but I think a really good place to start is just 10 minutes at the start of your day. Yeah. And just make it a habit like forever. Even if you're like, "Oh, great. I'm feeling so much better now." go, "Oh, maybe I don't have to do that little morning thing I was doing anymore." No, that's a trap. Keep doing it.
If something's working, keep doing it. Make sense? >> Makes sense. Yeah. >> Okay. So, yeah, I've tried a lot of freaking different things and for me, I'm like, "Cool. this to me that that's become like kind of the quickest, the easiest, the simplest way to, you know, kind of like get into the state that I want.
And at the end of the day, you can have this like phenomenal, incredible way to do that, but if it takes way too much time and it's super complicated, you're not going to do it or you're not going to keep it up and then it's not much use. >> So, it's like simple, easy, quick, right? Let me know how you go with that. >> Awesome. I will. >> That's what I want your focus your your intention for the rest of this week to be is like how am I like who is show who am I bringing to these sales conversations? I just want that dude.
The amount of sales reps that I've coached where we've done we've not touched skill. I've just reviewed a call and going on I this to be your focus. Oh my god Laura I just got four sales in a row. Holy [ __ ] Laura like just night and day difference. Just got a sale. You know what I mean? We haven't touched skill stuff >> at all.
>> Okay, >> thank you. >> All right, my pleasure. Um, Antonio, how can I help? >> Hey, Laura. So, uh, yeah, it's a bit of a general question. I'm on my second month now in high ticket >> and I find I'm losing a lot of sales to basically just hopping off the call too early. >> So, I think I buy into a limitation like I'll do say a couple of reframes.
They either don't land or they agree with >> Let's back it up. Let's back it up. Let's back it up. What are you selling? >> So, trading Bizoph. >> What's the most common objection that you're getting? >> Uh, definitely fear money. >> Okay. How do you know that it's fear money? >> Cuz I've tied off logistical and then yeah, I basically asked what the main concern is holding them back and it's just the amount of money.
>> Okay. So they're fearful about the amount of money. >> Yeah. >> Like is it I've never spent that before? Is it like what if this doesn't work and I waste the money? What are they fearful about? >> Yeah, both of those. So I would say about half what if it doesn't work out and I've paid the money.
The other half is just it's a lot of money in general. >> Okay. So um I'll bring up my little my little map of consciousness again. So the first thing that like we need to understand or remember is that what do you remember what I said the the typical behavior response of someone in fears? >> Yeah.
Just shut off and uh hop off the call. >> Get out of there. Okay. And it's like it doesn't make logical sense even to them. It's like my body is just being like we got to get out of here. Okay. Okay. So, it's irrational. Now, like what what does knowing that? Okay. What what are some what what are some things that that we can maybe guess that a person who's feeling fearful might want? What like what might that bit fear even? What might it be looking for? I'm not saying this person knows this, but but what what might you know? Do you know what I
mean? Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. So reassurance, certainty, safety. So right now they're feeling unsafe and uncertainty like creates resistance because it doesn't feel safe. So basically this person is saying like I don't I don't feel safe. Okay. I just need to ditch my AirPods I think potentially. Oh no, one of them's charged, one of them's not.
So yeah, they're saying that they don't feel um like safe. So, one thing that I see happen a lot is like we just kind of like, you know, yeah, but like this isn't working, you know, back yourself or I don't know, right? But give me an example of some of these like a couple of these like reframes that you might be using.
>> Yeah. So, the main one I just ask compared to what and then I just go into like if you paid >> What do you mean? Are they saying are they saying like it's more than I was expecting or it's a lot of money and you're saying compared to what? >> Yeah. So, I'll isolate. It's a lot of money compared to what? And then go into like if you spent >> Okay, screw that.
Like I know some people say to do that, but just like it just so so often that can kind of like go wrong and it just like, you know, like maybe I help them to see that. Yeah, maybe they're comparing it to like I just I think you know, you can do that if it's working. I'm not going to tell you not to do it. But I think like I can do that.
But if we do get to the point where they realize like, all right, like yeah, I guess I'm just like it's just it's a lot of money. Like I've never I've never I've never spent that much money on like anything, you know? I guess the the approach that I like to take is imagine you're I don't know if you you guys have ever been in this situation, but I remember I have been where you're like a little kid and you're laying in bed and you your wardrobe door is open and you know you the longer you sort of stare at the wardrobe you start to be like there's a
freaking monster in there like you know what I mean and you like yell out your parents come in maybe they turn the light on and like there's nothing there. So, I try to think about, well, how can I shine a light on what it is they're afraid of so it doesn't feel so scary anymore? Let's let's let's give it form, okay? Instead of just these what if, what if, what if, what if.
So, if we were to roleplay it like this, um, we'll assume that maybe we've got to that point where like, yeah, it's, you know, it's a lot. Like, would you say would be that'd be the most helpful? Like, it's a lot of money. I've never spent that much before. Like, you know, I guess like what if it doesn't work? Yeah, that's the main one.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, well, I mean firstly, Matteo, um you know, to your point, you've you've never invested this kind of money in anything before. So, like you tell me if you're feeling a little bit hesitant about doing that. I mean, like, do you feel like that's unreasonable to feel a little bit hesitant to do something that like you've never done before? >> No, I think you're right. It is scary.
So like Yeah, exactly. So like the first thing I want you to know is that that's completely normal and it's super common by the way. Like I've been in your shoes myself. So pause. What have I done guys? What's the first thing that I've done with that little spiel? >> You made it okay for him if you like that.
>> Yes. Because we're only we're afraid of things that like we don't understand or it seems like oh if I'm afraid this means it's dangerous. This means it's wrong. Okay. So, the first thing I'm doing like I want to normalize the [ __ ] out of it. Or I'm like, is that unreasonable? Oh, well, no.
I guess I could guess it's not. Okay. Now, the second part. Uh, what what else did you say? I'm trying to remember now. Uh, you said that you never spent that amount of money before. I think you said like what if it doesn't work? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. So I know we spoke about this earlier so it might seem a little bit redundant but like let me ask you do do you genuinely feel like based on what I've gone over you know how we would work with you in order to solve this problem you know help you to um kind of start your own like trading business so
you can over time kind of make that transition out of your job start making more money and XYZ like like do you actually feel like with that level of support and training that you know like this is something that would would work for you or or how do you feel about like what I've what I've gone over? >> Yeah, I feel really good.
I know it will definitely help. I just don't know if it will get me to that 10k. >> Uh okay. So, well, let's start with you said that you know it will definitely help. Like what is it about what I've gone over that you feel would help you the most? >> Definitely the best possible to actually succeed. Yeah, >> the accountability for sure.
>> What makes you say that? >> Well, I think up to now there's only so much you can learn on YouTube. Um, and I've not had that level of accountability. >> Yeah. Yeah. Like that's like that's you know it's smart that that you realize that now like we're not here I don't we don't need more friends. Yeah.
So are you actually open to being held accountable? Like cuz I mean that mean at the end of the day that means you know I mean a good coach is there to tell you what you need to hear not necessarily what you want to hear in order to kind of get the best out of you in order to make sure that you like get the outcomes that you want.
Like are you actually open to that? >> Oh I am not to be. >> All right if you're sure. So pause for a second. What I always kind of come back to is this. I I want them to remind themselves even if we've spoken about it like a few minutes ago. I want them to remind themselves that logically they do feel like this would help them and it like it would work. Okay.
I want to I want them to remind themselves like of that. Okay. Because I think it's just the easiest place to go and then that's the logical part. So I can kind of come back to So then I mean in your mind like I mean firstly um you know uh I can appreciate that like especially because it's not a small amount of money we might be looking for a level of uh I suppose certainty that it that it will work out so that we don't like waste the money or like whatever you know whatever it may be.
I suppose the the uncomfortable part though, Matteo, is that I mean, you tell me, are there like are there any guarantees in life or is it possible that like I could like I could I could walk out my front door tomorrow and like get get hit by a bus like >> Yeah. Only death and taxes for sure. >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
And so I suppose the reason I share that with you is like I can appreciate like um where you know maybe that desire for certainty is coming from. But can you see how um you know it's kind of impossible to have the level of certainty that we want without first doing what? >> Trying something I guess. Yeah. >> Yeah. Without doing it.
So now we're in a pickle. Okay. Because what happens if we wait to feel certain before doing it? >> Well, I guess things will just carry on. I'll blow more accounts and I'll still be unprofitable. >> Okay. And then where would that lead you? >> Yeah, just uh losing more of the family's money. Still not able to provide and just not where I want to be.
M so then we're at a fork in the road, you know, given that you realize that there's no way to for us to have the level of certainty that that we want and ultimately if we wait to have that then like we just would we'd never do anything and nothing's nothing would ever change for us. Then I guess it just comes down to like who you would rather be.
whether you would rather be that guy that just like I guess like allows that that that fear or that uncertainty to to hold him back and and like nothing ever changes for you and I mean things maybe even get worse or if you'd rather be the guy that like kind of looks at it and go all right well you know I feel like to the best of my knowledge that or you know the best that I can that that this could work for me you know and it's it's it's worked for for other people just like me like and we kind of make a decision from like from that place you know because I guess at the end of the
day it comes down to really what we're more afraid of. It's it's are we more afraid of like maybe taking a bit of a chance like knowing that we're making the most educated decision that we can or if we just if we just like kind of keep doing you know more of what we're doing now.
So, I suppose like even if it is uncomfortable, like who would you rather be at this point? You know, the guy that just keeps trying to figure it out on YouTube and nothing changes or or the guy that takes a a chance on himself and and and like gives it a go and just does everything he can to make it work knowing that we'll be there to help you.
>> Takes a chance for sure. >> Okay. Cuz like just so you know, again, the the the fear, the hesitation, whatever, completely normal. Like that's it's really the only difference between courage and cowardice. Do you know what I mean? Courage isn't not being afraid. It's being afraid but doing it anyway because we know that it's the best thing for us.
Do you know what I mean? >> Yeah. Definitely. >> Do you feel like you're at a point where you're, you know, you're you're open to being brave? You're open to being a little bit courageous and I guess like acting in spite of the fear so that you can get >> you and your family can get ready. >> Something's got to change. >> All right. Cool.
So we'll kind of like pause it there. But do you see how so if we break that down I went for like kind of like normalize it. I take them back and like look you know remind me that more so remind yourself logically. Do you feel like the things we went over like do you genuinely feel like you know what about this? What about this? Does that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
And so then I can come back to um that like it just kind of is the fear. And then you know you just help them I I want to help them to see that like really what that fear is looking for is certainty >> you know like certainty in the outcome and then I help them to realize like that we can't have that without what without doing it.
And so then what happens if we if we wait till we feel certain like I mean how long how long is that going to take? You know what I mean? Or and if if we know that it's not possible then that that's never going to happen. And so then what's going to really change for you? All right. And then I just kind of I want to get them to that place of this is where I want to get them because this is the the the sales don't happen below this line.
Where is it? Is it sharing? >> No. >> Oops. Sales don't happen below courage. And what's the definition of courage? >> What's the definition of courage? >> Being afraid and doing it anyways. >> Exactly. Exactly. And so like the easiest thing to do with somebody who is in fear, we know it is just fear is to help them to see that like the only difference is is at this in this state we allow the fear to hold us back and control us.
And in this state we feel the fear and we feel the discomfort but like we do it anyway. That's the only difference. So there's this like nice little bridge. >> Mhm. here and you know as long as I can cooly and calmly have that sort of conversation. Yeah. And then what I'm kind of trying to do is it's this mix of courage and willingness you know are you willing to be brave? Are you willing to to be a little bit courageous? >> Yeah.
>> You know are you um you know who would you rather be? You know would you be the guy that would you rather be the guy that kind of lets the fear hold you back or would you rather be this guy? Like it's this mix of willing, you know, I'm basically asking like even if you are afraid, like are you willing? Are you willing to do it anyway or would you rather let it hold you back? Does that help? >> Yeah, I think it links back to the energy as well cuz like the state you're in, I noticed was really calm.
It was like a chat. When I'm going into objection handling, it feels like a boxing match. And I think the prospect, he can tell that. Yeah. And often that can be a few things. It can be attachment to the outcome. Sometimes it can be pride where we're like, "God damn, it's so simple. Like just [ __ ] do it.
" And so we're kind of this we take this I'm better than you stance. It's not from a bad place. It's just, you know what I mean? But if you think about it, a lot of you put your hands up to being dads. Like if you've got a kid, like if your child is like really afraid of something, what kind of conversation would you would you have? Would you just be like, "Yeah, would would you would that be a boxing match or or or would you try and figure out like, "Hey man, like what what buddy? What are you what are you what are you worried about? Tell me more about that."
like you know and then we might share things to to help them look at the fear differently and empower them make them feel like >> right >> courage you know like you know look you know you look at you did you've done this before you've done this before you know what I mean and if you can do those things like for sure you can go on the big roller coaster like of course you can do that I know you can like oh yeah okay I guess you're right like you know so it's it's the same kind of like thing you just got to and again that comes
back to intention um and it comes back to as well just our the way that we look at things like objections. So, um, you know, if we if we go into it looking at it like it's uh a no or or it's rejection or it's like this big problem, then we're kind of going to like it's going to influence how we feel when ultimately they give us like an objection.
But if you go in and you kind of look at objections or concerns as like they're just they're perfectly normal, you know, and it's just an opportunity like it's just something that we we can talk about together. >> Mhm. >> Then you won't get kind of rattled by it either. Like like you know, you get to this point where they say something like that and you're just smiling going, "Yeah, perfect.
I knew you were going to say that. It's all good." >> Yeah. >> Or they might be like, "Why are you smiling?" I'm like, "Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to be. It's just like uh uh you know, if you don't mind me saying, I just kind of like I sort of I thought you might say that. Oh, why is that? Well, I mean, it would make sense. You tell me you you know, you've you never done something like this before.
Like I I'd be I'd be a bit weirded out if you were just like, "All right, like let's do it." I don't know. So, just smile being like, "Yeah, like you know, it's normal. Perfectly normal." You know what I mean? Like, oh, okay. You know, so it's like just I think that's a big one is sometimes the way that objections are talked about in our industry are like it's this like thing we've got to beat.
It's like a monster to >> I don't know overcome and just the sooner you're just like oh no big deal. Cool. >> Yeah. It should it should just be called like post price conversation. >> Yeah. or concern or you know and it's not a bad idea if you guys want to to pick a different name for it because it's like objection like it has this negative connotation it influences our perception of it and so you know even if you just start to call them like concerns it's call objection handling like something like different at the
very least just make a conscious decision to look at it in a different through a more positive lens um than you know what I mean and And as well I if I go back to this it's like knowing that that these lowlevel states are uh know people are kind of some of the criteria so to speak or attributes qualities and attributes of these states here is there's like there's not self-awareness.
So that's why sometimes it can take a little bit of time to help someone become aware of like oh like I'm just a little bit afraid and that can make a big difference in subduing the fear itself. And so um you know it can it's about like people don't know necessarily like they don't always have this self-awareness of really what's coming up for them.
They're just like it just doesn't feel right. And also they're not acting consciously per se. It it's that there is a behavioral response that is attached to the emotion they're feeling. And so again, even if they can't kind of put their finger on it, it's like their body physologically is kind of trying to get them to act in like a certain way.
So again, you can kind of look at it like, you know, I suppose if you're looking at this person and they give a concern, you can see them separate from the concern and just kind of smile cuz you know, like, all right, well, it's not them. It's like these thoughts and emotions that probably coming up for them right now that are just causing them to kind of be behaving in this way.
Like sweet, you know, you can kind of like separate the person from from that and and now you can be like, cool, I want to help you with that. I'm gonna help them with that, >> right? >> Because it's not them. This isn't what they want. I know that because of the conversation with I know this isn't what they want. >> Cool.
>> Yeah, that's great. Thank you. >> My pleasure. Um, so yeah, again, that sounds like then maybe really the big thing is not necessarily in what you're saying, but how you're carrying yourself through like objection handling process. And if you can again above all else like you change nothing else and you really just focus on that and your intention if you sense there is fear is to make this person feel comfortable and safe.
Make sure they know that you're here to help and just like reassure them and nurture them through this discomfort like they'll move forward. Um okay. >> Yeah, that's great. I think I've been viewing it wrong up till now. >> All right. Well, there you go. And now you can view it, right? >> Cheers. >> And so, yeah, if that's the thing that you're focusing on, then again, like Samuel, you you know, you can set your intention for like, cool rest of the week, like you know, knowing that there's a fair chance that I might get
concerns because for a lot of these people, they've never done anything like this. Like my intention is when that happens, like sweet. I'm just going to I'm going to I'm going to slow down. I'm just going to focus on on on helping them and you know what I mean? and like just cool. You'll be able to kind of anchor yourself in that state then when it comes up and then give me an update.
I like updates. >> Sounds good. Thanks. >> Okay, my pleasure. Who else? Anyone else got anything? No more hands up? >> I can go. >> Oh, yeah. No one. What? How can I help? >> Yeah. I mean, well, yeah. I mean, what you've said has already kind of >> Yeah. brought light into what it is that I was kind of, I guess, needing.
Um, >> like what was it? What? What? Tell me more. >> Does Yeah, cuz uh similar to Samuel sometimes I go into the day or into a call like kind of like here when I have had those roller coasters, >> right? And yeah, >> sometimes it's crazy like to build the confidence up you need like or at least for me several wins but then to bring it back down it's like one person that you trigger do >> and then it's just like >> you're like yeah >> kind of you're back into kind of like a scarcity >> mindset.
>> So >> which is normal too. I shared with a sales rep the other day. I was like, remember if I close 500 sales in a row and then I don't close 500 sales in a row, like what's my close rate? 50%. Yeah. Now tell me what would be different in these two scenarios. I close 500 and then I lose 500 compared to I lose 500 and then I close 500.
>> Yeah. I mean, logically, it's the same number, but I mean, humanly obviously it has a totally different feel to it. >> If if it was the if it was the loss sales that happened like uh second, I'm going to be like, oh my god, I don't know what I'm doing. I'm so terrible. If it was the the 500 wins that happened second, I'm probably like, damn, I'm a beast. And all that kind of thing.
So, you know, again, that's like that self-awareness piece. Um, like as well is that you can look at it through two different lenses. I can look at it through this negatively charged lens of like, you know, I can say the same words and I might be like, damn, like I'm I am I've got some [ __ ] I need to work on.
Like, I'm not good at this. I'm not good at this. Or I can go, all right, damn, I got some work to do. I got some opportunities to develop here and here. Um, sweet. I'm going to go to work. >> Yeah. >> Like, it's basically the same thing. It's just the charge behind them that's different.
So it's like it's not so much even that that the thing that is the problem. It's like whatever meaning there is that we're attaching to that. >> Yeah, >> that makes sense. So >> yeah, that does make sense because at the end like I feel like when I've been most successful is like I mean like in the times I have been very successful with handling objections and everything.
It's like like what you said like not so much what you're saying but like who you're being right. You have to be someone who they like look up to, you know? You're almost like a it's like a big brother to like a like a younger sibling being like, "Hey man, like what's going on?" Like like I like like I know what you're going through.
Like I maybe have even been through it myself and it's scary. It's just like how much longer do you want to be here like in this situation for me? >> Really? >> Yeah. Well, I mean, a lot a lot of a lot of sales for us as sales reps is being at that courage point, you know, like and and sometimes that is >> I'm willing to and I'm open to having a really uncomfortable conversation with this person.
I'm open, you know, I'm willing to >> You can't be afraid. You got to just go in there. Yeah. >> Knowing knowing that it might mean they go, you know what, man? >> Screw you. I'm out of here. Do you know what I mean? That is courage in itself. So true. Yeah. >> As long as my intention is obviously I'm coming from the right place, which is like, you know, I really want to help you.
Therefore, I'm willing to risk that, you know, you might hate me, okay? But like I'm really like that's my intention, you know, like yeah, you can you can um you know, yeah, that's what I I'm just saying like a lot of sales is like literally just just being willing to to do that because a lot of us will sometimes hold back from that and you know not speak our truth or whatever because we're like oh but if I do that what will they think of me and then they might not buy.
>> Yep. >> Right. >> You go into safety. >> You go into safety or safety. It's more comfort. Yeah. Comfort zone. >> No we go into fear. I'm afraid to like say this thing or whatever because what might they think of me and and and you know what if then they don't buy like we just like we we end up in in fear. >> Yeah.
And >> Yes. And at the end of the day, it's like they want they like when you're there for them, they want to be able to like turn to you because you're demonst you throughout the call, you've demonstrated where you're like I mean you started in neutrality, but as the call goes on and like you still have a sense of certainty.
You've demonstrated that you're a person that's like, dude, >> yes. >> Like I don't like I'm not attached to anything. So they turn to that >> in that at the end in when they're when you're handling their objection. So beforehand though there have like what you said earlier there has to be like you have to already be in that state of being.
So for you, how do you like cuz you mentioned you have a 10-minute routine, but again, you know, sometimes I feel like like in the conversation I feel like it doesn't it doesn't >> something maybe triggers you. >> What's that? >> Is it like, you know, you feel like maybe you show up in in the right in the state you want to, but maybe something happens that kind of triggers it >> and it triggers it. Yes.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that that one like is again I think is like something that kind of takes time. Like just guys, you're human. Um like sales is not easy because it really almost demands the best of us every single freaking day. Even if we've got things going on in our life that like it'd be reasonable for us to maybe I don't know be in a heap in the corner like the average person might be, but like we can't afford to if we want to put ourselves in a position where we get the outcomes we want today.
You know what I mean? So like that's not easy and it probably I would say like it it it never gets easy. It just gets less hard. Um, and so it's again building that self-awareness of like, all right, like what what are what are the things that sometimes happen in sales conversations that I feel are potentially trigger this sort of feeling in me like what like and try to look for sort of like the pattern because then you can go often times a lot of the work's done in just the bringing the shining the light on it and going oh that's what it is.
cuz it's like cool like 80% of the work is done now cuz now it's like there's an awareness of it. You sort of taken your control back. Um yeah and so I mean that's personally like where I would start. >> Mhm. And so, um, I don't know, like I know for there was a period of time there for me where I was finding myself getting like like riggered, um, sometimes as in frustrated because I was like I just had so much belief in like what I was what I was selling and, you know, I I I was just like I think I'm trying to think whether
exactly what offer it was now, but I just remember this, but you know, or even just getting to that point where you know like I I've I don't know invested an ungodly amount in my personal development now like probably you know well like definitely over 50 grand you know maybe even like a hundred grand right but like you know at one point investing five grand was like the first time ever was freaking terrifying and so I'd get to this point where it's almost like you become uh you know it's just like investing
some money in something that makes sense and will benefit you is like, "Oh, yeah, just like it makes sense. Yeah, cool. Yeah, send me your details like whatever." It's just like a not no thing anymore. And so I would find sometimes that, you know, you've had this conversation where someone is literally like their whole they're about to like if they do not do something now, they're just they're [ __ ] >> And like it's just some money.
>> And so I would find myself like sometimes getting triggered. And >> you know, I suppose from a place of I really freaking want to help them. But I think some of it was me projecting my frustration at myself for not being able to kind of help them see that onto them. >> And you know, obviously like that's not conducive to the outcome either.
You know, people can >> it's difficult to mask frustration. And so, you know, that could be coming from a few different places. Sometimes I would say that >> it could for me it would it would even be pride where it's kind of like a >> my god like I can see this. It makes so much sense.
Like, why are you being so why why why are you being so silly about this, >> right? Like, how are you going to like how are you going to let five grand get in between you and your dreams, dude? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so, like or or or Yeah. the frustration like my like how can you not see this? Like I don't understand why this is so hard or you're not just like freaking doing that.
And so, I think once I kind of sat with that and I just uh figured out like all right, like what's maybe the emotion there? and just just sat with kind of that experience I suppose of like what what's what is it that I'm maybe frustrated about like and then okay that's interesting like what's behind that and then almost reframing myself so one example is I what I found helpful was just reminding myself like hey lo like remember at one point you were literally in their shoes >> you know you were you were afraid like
There are or or equally like remember law like you're not perfect either. Do you know what I mean? There are >> Do you ever tell them stories about that? Do you ever tell them stories about that? >> Yeah. Yeah. You can. Yeah. I I've definitely like if I felt like it would help, I' i've shared a story like I've, you know, like tactical vulnerability, but even sometimes >> not even tactical vulnerability because that makes it sound like it's a tactic and I'm deploying it.
Yeah, >> it's just vulnerability to be like, "Hey, I've been in your shoes and I'm not sure if this would help, but like kind of here's this." But I think for me it was almost just humbling myself a little bit like, "Hey, remember that um you've been in their in their shoes and like just because maybe I feel like I've got this area of my life that I'm having a conversation with them about fairly fairly sorted.
you know, there's there's possibly some areas of of of um you know, their life that they're way more on top of than I am. >> Like I'm not a perfect human. >> Yeah. >> You know, I'm just we're just talking about this very small area of their life. And so I think I just sort of found some ways to have a conversation with myself around that to get myself to see that like >> it's kind of silly to get frustrated.
Do you know what I mean? >> And then I found that that was helpful. So I think yes to your point the getting uh you know showing up to the call in the right state is one thing but then anchoring like yourself in that state is >> is is another and I think that yeah that's just like starting to recognize what things that people maybe say or do that that trigger something in you and just getting curious about what's behind it and then reframing yourself like you do with your prospects.
>> Yep. Because for me, I notice I notice when it happens with me is like sometimes in like the situation uh part situation awareness I I sometimes I get confused with like what the [ __ ] they're saying. Like I don't know what the [ __ ] they're saying. You know what I'm saying? So like I try to clarify and like over and over and I still don't get it.
So then I just I'm just like okay I don't want to frustrate this person. And then from then on I'm like kind of uncertain because I still don't really understand. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. Okay. So, well, here here's the thing, too. Like, and I'm just mindful of time, so like rather than coach you through it, I'll just kind of give you the answer, but >> um I don't know if you do this or not, but I think sometimes with sales training, we're taught that like >> uh you know, you got to go a certain way about things and sometimes like you just
need to be direct like, "Hey man, I apologize. Um maybe I need a coffee. Don't know what I just I'm not getting it." Like, what do you mean? >> I don't get it. Do you are you meaning this or is it this? Like and just like you have that conversation because I used to same as you sometimes I'd be like, "Oh, I feel like I've asked too many questions about this. I still don't get it.
" Like I'm afraid to maybe ask more questions cuz they might think that I'm stupid or silly. I might frustrate them. But like then I came to just decide that like no >> that's >> I'm just setting myself up for failure by doing that. So, I'm just going to like, what's the wrong with asking? And I just make it light, like, you know, hey, I apologize.
Like, I know that you've answered this a few times right now. Like, I just uh you know, this is probably on me, but I've just I'm not understanding what you mean. I'm sorry. Can you can you can you explain it a different way for me? Like, and I honestly have never had anybody get mad about that. >> Yeah.
So then I just like overcame my own little weird thing that I assumed about people with that because like no one ever got mad. They're like, "Oh, oh, sorry. No, it's probably not you. It's probably how I'm explaining it. You know, it's been a a busy day and my head's a bit all over the place." And they don't care. Like I blame myself. And they're then they're like, "Oh, no.
I don't want you blaming you. It's probably me." And it's it's so fine. >> Yeah. >> So yeah, that's just like another like, you know, I guess example there. Um All right, guys. I got to um I got to I got to run. Um, I've got a few people jumping on, so I wonder if the time's right on the calendar.
I mean, you guys are here, so yeah, that's it for me today. Hopefully everyone's got like at least one thing that they can kind of take away from that and and apply. But yeah, I mean, a good place to start even with this stuff is just being very intentional about um how you're showing up to your to your sales calls and just see what happens differently.
Just see what changes. Okay. >> Um, all right. And I'd love to see you guys on next week and you can fill me in on whether you whether you noticed any changes. See you guys. >> Thank you.
