Have you um Have you checked out any of the previous trainings for this yet, the the Unconscious Edge? No, I just subscribed today to to the membership. To the user membership of Matt. Yeah. All right, so rather than fill your brain with a whole bunch of information um that's going to send you whirling into different directions, I would rather give you a gift today and just help you solve whatever problem you need solved in your life.
So, I'm a very good master of the mind and I understand very much how the mind works. So, if you can tell me the issue that you're dealing with in business or personal, I'm more than happy to help you solve it and get to the answer that you're looking for. And if you go back and watch the recordings of our first two sessions, you'll get a good understanding of how that happens. Yes.
But um just considering it's just you, I felt like the most value I could give you today is to help you. So, Uh okay. So, thank you. Yes, so you are a you are mindset coach. Yes. Sure, something like that. Yeah. Something like that. So, tell me the the the context. I No, I'll give you some context. So, let's see, in 2011 I started personal training.
I built a very successful fitness business. I owned a gym for over 10 years. Um built myself the metaphorical mountain of success and a nice nest egg of money and I got to the top of it to find out that nothing is there. Yes. >> So, I broke myself wide open, re-put myself back together, and then created a whole system to teach other entrepreneurs how to avoid the same mistakes that I did.
So, I know business, I know marketing, I know mind, I know sales. If you tell me what you have a problem with, I can help you solve it. Yes. Okay. Uh my goal now is to master sales. Okay. And sell lead gen services. And by the way, I'm from Morocco. Nice. Nice. >> two Moroccan people. I sell in my country.
I don't sell in the US or other countries. Awesome. Awesome. Okay, so tell me a little bit about um where you're at right now in your sales journey. Just give me a little bit of background on like where you're at um or I guess career-wise, what type of sales you're doing, how much you're selling it, all that type of stuff. Yes. Okay, I'll give you the background.
Before before starting sales, I was selling uh uh low ticket offer. I'm a developer. I was selling an email marketing software and an email uh and uh uh GMB scrapper. And I want to jump from selling this low ticket offer to to sell to sell lead gen services. So, at at the current moment, I'm switching.
I'm switching from selling low ticket offer to doing lead gen services. All right, I got you. Give me 1 second. I just want to say something to Dallas who just jumped on. Uh Okay. What's up uh Dallas? If you want to turn on mic and camera. Oh, we got a couple people now. Ivy's here as well. I'm just uh going to solve your problems for you since there's only a couple of you versus lecture you on a bunch of stuff.
So, What's up, dude? I'm driving at the moment, so I don't have camera access, but I'm I'm listening in. All right, so we're we're we're talking about sales here and he's going from low ticket sales into high ticket sales. So, the number one thing that I would recommend in in in thinking of this process of how do you move up this this grade? I'm telling you if you can just please listen to me that no matter what you study and no matter who you listen to that nothing is ever going to change in your life unless you change your own
mind. So, the first thing that you need to do is start to open up your mind and develop yourself into a higher level of human. And I mean that like sincerely. Cuz the people that you're going to start selling to speak a different language than you speak now. Right? So, if that makes sense, like Yeah.
thoughts become words, words become actions. So, as we go up this level in sales, the people that are going to buy the higher ticket items speak with a different language. Meaning they like they use certain terminologies, they think certain ways. So, if you can start to rise yourself up mentally to that level, you'll be able to tap in with exactly what they need.
So, what I would recommend is if you go up into read like getting into rather than jumping into like the typical sales stuff cuz you already have this membership which may Matt gives you everything. So, go through his [ __ ] for sure, obviously, but also get into some mindset stuff to see how you can open up yourself.
And specifically looking into like Psycho-Cybernetics would be a great book. As a Man Thinketh would be a great book. Just wrapping your head around this belief system that your mind creates everything, that would be the very first step. Does that make sense of what I'm talking about? Yes. Yes, it's makes total sense.
You know, like so like cuz that's going to be the thing that like this is the thing that people I think a lot of times gets missed in sales. Is when you start to deal with someone, let's say like me. I don't need your words cuz I see your thoughts. So, the words you speak don't matter cuz based on the words that you speak, I know how you think.
And if I know how you think, then I know what you want. And I know what you don't want. I know what you like and don't like. But if I don't know how you think, I'm going to say some stuff that you don't like. I'm going to say some things that you don't want. And that's going to create an issue with the sales.
So, if you go back and look at like the 1930s and they go into IBM days when they started to actually build men and build the minds of men, they talked about this idea that a great salesman is someone who does not need to ask his prospect a question cuz he already knows what's in his mind. So, they already know the exact right thing to say.
So, getting yourself to think of that concept really really really hits home what I'm talking about with the mind because that is going to supersede anything that you could ever learn in terms of a skill set. If that makes sense, like mind comes before action, right? So, thought comes before action. Thought comes before scripts.
Yes. Comes before templates. It comes before um influence wording, like all that stuff, like the the strategy, the tactic, your mind supersedes that and precedes that. So, if you don't develop the first step, you're never going to get to the next ones. Does that make sense what I'm talking about there? I think do you mean uh it means belief before before jumping to to to the exact actions.
Yeah, like you need to you need to open up your thinking prior to going and trying to sell. So, what I would suggest is is is instead of jumping right into high ticket sales is to develop your thinking a little bit and then stepstone your way into high ticket sales. Cuz if you jump from low to high, you're not going to be able to make the leap because you don't have the mind to do it.
Does that make like you know what I'm saying? Like so, Yes. Yes. continuing that process, you're going to get to exactly the mindset you're going to need to be able to sell anything high ticket. Good? Good. Thanks. Yeah, you If you If you have another specific question on it, think on it, we'll come back to it.
Um Dallas or Johan, if you guys have questions, uh I'm going to help fix your problem, whatever problem you're solving in business or in personal life. Let's fix it. Hey, this is Johan. Uh what's up, man? Um hey. Uh so, I I guess I'm just kind of trying to get my thoughts together here. Yeah, it was really interesting as soon as I came in here, um something you really clicked something you said really clicked.
It's, you know, you have to you know, really get into the mindset before you start high ticket sales. Um right now I'm in an offer just an insane number of um outbound leads and um it's kind of weird, man. Like whenever I'm getting started at the beginning of the day, like I wake up at 4:00, I'm ready to go by 5:00, and what I realize is like I have like the jitters.
It's like this weird kind of feeling like before I get started. It's night time, right? I'm about to get I'm about to start calling the East Coast, and I don't know what it is, man. Like it's almost like a like a paralysis I have to fight through to like start dialing. It's really bizarre. And I've never had this before because I'm always talking to people um face to face cuz I always used to do uh like construction sales.
So, just kind of like getting into this um getting into the routine, I've noticed that, man, my mind is an incredibly powerful thing. Like I've never really like experienced this level of paralysis before. So, I'm just kind of wondering like you know, kind of walking into this, if you had any any advice for making that transition.
Just for time's sake, can I jump really quickly and ask you a question that might be uncomfortable? Yeah. Yeah, of course. Why are you afraid of selling on the phone? Uh I think uh just because um the unpredictable nature of it. Like you don't even know who the You don't know anything about the person.
You don't know like what their what their mood is like when you pick up. And I don't know, man. It's it's weird. I think it's the the the possibility of having an adverse um uh I guess um interaction, like a negative interaction with the person just cuz you're calling them. The the cold call aspect is definitely there as well because, you know, they don't know who you are when you're calling.
There's no They're not anticipating your call. So, I think it's kind of like anticipating a negative outcome that could potentially be what's giving me that paralysis. I'm not sure. So, you're talking about the power of your mind, right? Yeah. If you're afraid that every time you dial a phone, you're going to have a conflict, how often you're going to want to dial that phone? Yeah, not very often.
Not very often, right? So, so what I would suggest is like let's take a look at this right now. Every So, you you told me that there's an insane amount of outbound leads. So, that's a very high number. So, I need to call an insane amount of people and every single time I call them, I'm going to have a really bad conflict. That's scary.
How could we reframe that? There's an insane amount of leads and every time I call them, I'm going to have an opportunity. How could you approach the situation with curiosity instead of fear? Cuz the only reason that you think someone is going to be a conflict on the other end is cuz your mind is telling them to be a conflict on the other end.
Which is why you experience conflict on the other end. Whereas if you went into the situation and you believe that that person on the phone was going to buy everything you offered to them, and you showed up with absolute certainty and confidence and you imbued that certainty and confidence through the phone line into their mind, they would accept every word you say no matter what.
That's the power of mind. Does that make sense? 100%. Like so, how like for everyone like for you guys on here listening now, like every single time, how can I reframe it? Cuz it's not [ __ ] true, dude. None of it is. You just like So, you just presented me a whole bunch of false evidence that you think is real, but it's not.
That's fear. And that's not I'm not I don't mean it to Johan. I mean it to every person who's going to present a a problem like at in the first present presentation of it, we have a story. That is fake. How can we cut the story down? And we reframe it. We question it. Like I know one wants to get their story cut down. They jumped off.
Um Brent, I guess Johan, any questions on that? No, I'm good, man. Thank you. It's a um D&B, I don't care about what they have to to say. I just want to work through them. Yeah. And that's a good mindset. Like in it's really easy to say that. Like so, not everyone could just do that. That's That's one thing to understand.
But the more that you talk yourself into it, you're going to experience it more often. Like in in the same way that like you've watched this happen in your life multiple times where people says that like I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. And then they do the thing that they're afraid of doing.
Like oh my god, he's going to fall. He's going to fall. He's going to fall. And the kid falls. And they're like how did he fall? Well, cuz you just told him to fall. But they don't get that the mind takes everything as a command. You know, so the way that you're speaking to yourself about the story that you're telling can impact the way that it shows up for you.
Who else has got question problem we can solve? Steph? Can I can I ask another question? Uh one sec. I want to give Steph a second here. It's D&B Academy. Then you Yeah, go ahead, Steph. Uh me or uh D&B? Um D&B if he's okay if he wants to go. >> Uh okay. Okay. Um you're on on your end. I don't hear you. Hello. >> Can you hear me? Yeah, I got you now.
Yeah, it was just chiming off sort of what they were what Johan was saying with which for me it's like I don't really have a problem. And it's those days that there's like low pickups. No one's saying anything. And no one's positive not not positive, but they're not the right person. And you go like a day or two just getting that.
And it's just like But then the positive days it's like when they do pick up and I get three or four one after the other. It's like trusting that process, which for me it's like actually overcoming that boredom of the having those days where it's just going to be quiet because statistically probably going to happen at points. Can I show you guys something I think's going to help? Sure.
Give me one sec. I want to hook up my iPad so I can draw it. Um cuz I want to show you a way that you can operate in your day to help alleviate some of these problems. So, give me one second. Because because what you're talking about happens for a lot of reasons. So, it's hard to just say like one thing that it is um of why these things come up.
Cuz again, like we're talking like the whole point of what I guess what I'm presenting to you guys in these sessions is the idea to in understanding this belief system that your mind precedes everything. And I mean that quite literally. So, I'm talking it precedes your body. It precedes everything in your experience. And if you understood that as as as we understood that as a society, we would be able to change things a lot more readily.
And we'd be able to protect our minds from a lot of the things that happen and show up in them. But specifically, one of the things that we don't have a good understanding about is thinking. So, if you can imagine your thinking process is a we go concentrate. And then we go deconcentrate. All right.
So, we need to think really hard and then we need to have some time expanding. I'm willing to bet cuz I was one of them that majority of people on this call and if you're watching the recording, you spend all of your time right over there. Like we're thinking and we're pushing and we're pushing and pushing. And like if there's again, there's so many things I would love to tell you.
There's just so much foundation to explain to this is that like everything about our mind, our body, everything is balanced. So, if we are always pushing forward, we're never coming back to think. And if we're never thinking, we're never expanding. So, a lot of these times like you guys are getting stuck in the sales. You're getting stuck in the like whatever the obstacle is, it's because we're trying to think and push through it.
But we can't push through it unless we give ourselves space to understand it. So, the reason you can't figure out the solution to your problem is cuz you've never taken the time to [ __ ] think of it. Sorry for the F-bomb. Just want to give some emphasis to that. Because we spend all of our time and and not just you, it's everyone, searching the internet looking for the answer.
When if you understood, you have the answer. It's here. I promise you. I promise you it's here. Like I can tell you about the whole world and how everything works from this image that came to me in my mind. And I know this means nothing to you. Which is totally fine. But you can see all of these images here.
These all come in the mind and they're all formulas. This is how your mind works in your body. This is where your soul is located. I can tell you all of this cuz it came to me in my mind. So, and the way I was able to do that is by understanding this concept here. What is that? I wouldn't have it Johan. I wouldn't have it.
I love this [ __ ] This is great. This is what I'm trying to teach you guys is like is on the other side of removing the baggage from your mind because that's the thing is you have to get rid of the [ __ ] Once you get rid of the [ __ ] you open up a world of genius, dude. I'm telling you. It's in the it's in the most amazing experience I could ever explain to you.
And you can look at my eyes and you can see that my eyes look different than yours. And that's how you know. So. When you deconcentrate, you expand your thinking. If we don't ever deconcentrate, we just constrict, constrict, constrict. We make something smaller. If you want your mind to be bigger, expand it. So, if we make it smaller all the time, it gets too constricted and we run out of energy.
So, we can't complete the task and we get frustrated. So, what I would encourage you to do is to spend more time thinking cuz right now you're not. You're just doing doing doing doing doing. And it's these simple concepts of understanding that can really change everything. Like we don't need big words. We need simple words.
We need to stop doing [ __ ] and think more. Cuz what happens like think of it like a ball. I'm going to I'll come back to drawing in a second. Think of it like a ball. I throw a ball at a wall. I throw energy out of my hand. It goes to the wall. It hits the wall. Energy goes into the wall. Goes back to the ball and the ball bounces to me.
I catch the ball. I got my energy back. I actually got more energy, but we're not going to get into that. If you don't catch the ball, what happens to your energy? You lose it. You waste it. If you concentrate all the time and you never catch the ball coming back to you, you're wasting it. So, all the time and effort you're putting out concentrating and going and doing [ __ ] you're actually generating a ton of compression.
If you went back inside your mind to expand it, the answers would appear. Think of it like a spring. You compress down, let it explode. Compress it, explode it. Compress it, explode it. So, this is the most important thing that you're ever going to learn about sales is if you can understand this concept of this deconcentration and concentration.
I get my computer back here in a second, my iPad. Is that if you can break your day up into something that looks like this. We're going to concentrate. And then we're going to expand. And then we're going Oh, stupid D pad. Concentrate. Expand. Concentrate. Expand. Concentrate. Expand. And we keep going. So the way that this would look is like 2 hours 10 to 15 minutes.
And repeat it. 2 hours, 10 to 15 minutes. 2 hours, 10 to 15 minutes. Now 10 to 15 minutes does not mean go sit on your phone. 10 to 15 minutes does not mean go watch something, read something, look at something. 10 to 15 minutes means go walk outside and do nothing. Go sit in silence and do nothing. Like I'm telling you if you can get into your mind and you can open what I would call my room, there is a whole world of exploration that is beyond your imagination, guys.
Like I can Like I mean that's why I'm like literally you can like if you have a problem, let's solve it. I can because of what I know, I can solve anything for you. Cuz it comes into my mind. And you can have the same gift. I appreciate that. Yeah. Any other questions do you guys have about like this If you want to solve something, you have question about sales, you have something about mental health, mindset, whatever it is, let's do it.
Nobody. All right. All right. Want to do something just for fun then? Can I ask you another question, Ryan? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. If you got it. Yeah. You got more questions, go ahead. Okay. Uh how do you approach a meeting that is coming from a cold call versus a meeting that is coming from ads? A meeting booked via ads and versus a meeting booked via cold call.
Who's booking the meeting via cold call? Is it me? Like I got I'm I'm Are you the salesman and the booker? Are you like Can you explain the process? >> Yes. I do I do cold calls and I book meetings and I want to know the difference between when when doing the sales meetings, the difference between doing it if it's an inbound leads and the difference between if it's coming from cold call.
I mean this in the kindest way but you are calling someone who doesn't want you to call them. And the other person is asking you for help. Yes. So like think of that like concept. If you're If you're So So the way I would approach an outbound lead like just from a high level concept is I need to get them over the fact that I just broke up their day.
Like I just interrupted their world. So I'm coming into it abruptly. That's what we talked about with Johanna. It's like we we don't want to have conflict. So how do we alleviate conflict? We can diffuse it with humor. We can diffuse it with kindness. We can diffuse it with a honesty. It's like Hey Steve, you know what, man? I'm so sorry for interrupting your day.
I just wanted to call you because it's really hard to be mad at you because you just said I'm sorry. Yes. For me for me the problem is not doing the cold calls. I do the cold calls. Right now I have the number in front of me. I did I did What is What is What's the problem specifically? >> Okay. The problem is is uh I I succeed to to to book a meeting using cold calls.
But until now I it's from 16 meetings, it's zero sales. Yeah. So what's the I guess what's the specific problem? Yes. The specific problem is is how how to make them as warm as if they coming from ads because they are not enough warm as uh in comparison with the the leads that that that are coming from from ads.
Yeah. So the way that you would If you're making a cold call to someone who is cold, then by definition they are cold. Yes. Like so you I'm trying not to be a smart ass but like you warm them up. Yes. But but they are they are not enough warm as if as Sorry. I'm not a native English speaker. I try to to find words.
>> yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I know. I understand. Okay. I What I want to explain leads that are that are coming from ads they they they have a need. And they book the call. They They put action on it. Uh from cold calls I when speaking to them, I I make them to book the these these sales meetings. But But during the sales meeting, they are not warm in comparison to to the ones that that normally comes from So So when you cold So just just I'm clear.
When you cold call, are you selling on the cold call or are you booking into a sales call? Uh I'm booking into a sales call. Okay. So thank you for clarifying. So in between your sales call, this is exactly what I would do. I would send them love. I would send them a video explaining exactly who you are, what you do, and how happy you are to see them.
I would make it personal to them. I would be funny. I would do it in an outdoor environment. I'd have like a dog or a baby or something that makes makes them feel good cuz I understand their mind. I would do everything that I know would make them feel good about me to position myself to be warm to them.
So when they showed up on the call, there would be no question that needed to be asked cuz they knew exactly who I was and they already wanted to buy from me before I even opened my mouth. Uh you would approach it the same thing if >> Uh you would approach it the same thing if it's B2B or B2C or a or it depends on what you're selling? >> I I would I could like I would do the least efficient thing until I customize the best like the best opportunity.
So I would in like So if you're doing B2B, then I would in B2B, I would individually like script out or I mean script I would individually do a video for everyone I'm selling to. Once I've got it down to a predictable system, I would template it. Yeah. For example, the the the the the the case is I I book meeting to show them how they can get more client more more clients using Facebook ads and funnels.
Yeah. So I would send them a video of you introducing yourself outlining how you've just helped so-and-so, at your current client do this. And again, like you're doing it in a very kind way. You're not selling to them. Like be like I guess be like just be human. Like I think that's the biggest thing then. >> Uh so do you suggest to send them between between booking the meetings and the meeting, send them these videos? Yeah.
Mhm. Any questions? >> Like Like that's what I mean is like Again, that's not it's it's just a like Don't complicate it. Take it high. Like take it high level. You need to warm them. So I would ask you if if you had a If you If you booked a sales call, you tell me, what would you do to warm them up? Normally the the the the best thing is for them to see something valuable, something of value.
Like like like like old clients getting results or some of this. Yeah. So do So doing it So So again, I would present it to them in a way that's very different from the rest, which is human. Like right now, everyone is doing scripted AI [ __ ] and they all sound the same. Be different. That's how you separate it, dude.
>> in here in Morocco, there is no such thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's It's So We are we are We are still are still human. Thank you. I appreciate that. Whatever So So then So then in your world then, be different there. May Maybe it is like I wouldn't go AI, but maybe you're bringing in some technology to a business and to your client and you're showing them this different way of thinking much like I did here today for you that you can see it from a different perspective.
Like Like Like better isn't better. Different is better. Like how can you be different and how can you be connecting to them so they want to buy from you? Like that's what like The mind requires two things. Desire will. How can you capture their desire to buy from you and then give them the will to buy it? >> Yes. Make sense? So it's something like as you as you say, it's on this needs to You make it and then come back in 2 weeks and show me what you made. Okay.
Okay. Or or post it in the chat so far. Thanks. Um I got work t- time for one more quick if anyone's got something you want to jump into get help on, whether it's mindset, personal sales, professional, whatever you want. I'll try and jump in if anyone if no one jumps in. If that's all right. Sure thing. >> It's kind of off the back of the last question, which was you know, actually sending videos of yourself isn't like I don't know like isn't isn't that I find that a bit weird.
Now voice notes is fine. And sometimes I send voice notes and someone books a call and or not sometimes, all time. If they don't pick up from the instant call, you know. But What's weird about sending a video for you? Like I don't know if how I would feel receiving a video. You know, I think it'd be a bit weird.
I don't know. Okay. You've already talked to the person. This is In this In this situation, he's already talked to them on the phone, and he's not going to send them a video introducing himself and talking about No, I get it, and it works. It does work in markets, but for me, like, I just I find it a bit weird in the sense of like doing that opposed to like a voice note.
And then that's the other thing as well, like recently we we turned on the radio. Ask you a very direct question. Why are you afraid of being on video? Cuz that's an extra layer. Of what? Of complicatedness. Of like someone looks at you and it doesn't matter the way you look. Someone looks at you and doesn't like the color of your shirt for whatever reason.
Doesn't like the your hair color. And all of a sudden you're just listing fears that you have. That's what I'm saying. It's just a fear. It's not real. Yeah, but >> Don't complicate it. Someone's not buying from you because they don't like your shirt. Look at [ __ ] Alex Hormozi, dude. He stands on stage in a [ __ ] tank top with flip-flops, dude.
Look at Matt Ryder. Look at what Matt He's got headphones on telling you in the video that you're a [ __ ] and you still bought from him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it. I get it. It's It's the value, man. It's the value. Like It's It's It's the value communicated from your mind.
That's what I'm saying is I hear your fear in your words. They do. Some people do. Not everyone. But like you've heard this when someone tries to sell to you and you know they're full of [ __ ] It's the same It's the same concept, but we're talking about emotions, you know? Like if someone's upset If someone's frustrated with you, they might You know, you If you're frustrated with them, you might say the wrong thing in a sales meeting.
If you're afraid of something, you might say something wrong way. You know, like That's what people see. So, what I'm suggesting is how reframe that for you and clear it. And I would do the video until you don't feel it anymore. I get you. I get you. I get what you're saying. It's an interesting concept, uh, for sure. I need to tackle that thing.
I think that Cuz I do get the logistics behind it, and I do get like why you would do it. It's just like you have to kind of also pay attention to like who you want to present out in the world. No, you don't. Your mind is choosing to. I see just be yourself and just hold my friend and just don't give a [ __ ] who it is.
Like Like if you weren't so afraid of what others would think of you, you wouldn't care about sending a video. Yeah, yeah. I tried it once, but I don't know. And it's also like the quality you want it to be high quality and stuff like that. Like And then it's like also like I don't know. Maybe it's just I'm overthinking it. This This is beautiful cuz it's live.
You're talking yourself out of doing the only thing you need to do. That's the power of mind. Is you just told me how afraid you are about doing it. And then once you overcame the fear, you immediately started a story to build a reason of why you shouldn't do it. That's the power of mind cuz you can't stop it. Yeah, yeah.
It's going to keep going right now. That's crazy. That's lit. I love that. Thank you, man. >> Reframe it for yourself. Reframe it for yourself. Like So, I like So, the way you can reframe it is keep going. Like keep shooting the video until it's not afraid. Yeah, yeah. Until it's until you know you've got it to the template.
It's legit, you know? Seriously, for both of you guys, like I I would go and do do your value add, your lead magnet, or your video and Yeah, that's also it. Yeah, yeah. But I mean in terms of like the actual videos like as warm-ups and pre-cool pre-cool Yeah, yeah. That That's cool. It's just getting into the process.
I could never talk on video when I first started. Like if you like go on my YouTube or go to OB Training, my old gym on YouTube, like I could not speak on video for the life of me cuz I was too afraid. So, I'm telling you like the thing that got me to not be afraid of being on video was shooting thousands of videos. Yeah.
I'm not afraid of of being on video, but I see what you're saying. It's actually >> a whole bunch of fears you have about being on video if another person saw you. Yeah, I get you, but it's >> Same concept. I get it. I get it. I get it. It's But I get what you're saying. It's actually more than the action of doing something.
But these are the loops to But these are the loops and the questions to ask yourself. So, I'm not trying to be a [ __ ] to you. So, don't I hope you're not taking it that way, but just Keep I'll keep asking of like Like what's the difference between a sales meeting video and a regular video? Like you're still going to get judged in both.
But Oh, it's because the sales video has something you want on it, a possible sale. So, you're afraid you're going to lose money. Why are you so hooked on money? See? Follow the Like follow the trail of the mind, and you're going to find the answer. Cuz it's probably not the the surface level thing, you know? Yeah, I get it. It probably comes down low.
Like I talked about this in one of the first trainings we did. Money mindset's a big thing in sales. Well, if you come from a background where your parents and your grandparents all position people with money as evil, and they said that oh, it must be nice, or this person did it in nefarious ways, and in your mind, you think that having money is evil, so you tend to hide your nice things, or you don't show the money that you have, it's going to be really hard to make big sales cuz you're too afraid of having money.
Or you believe that someone who has money is bad, so you will never get money cuz if you had it, you'll think you are bad. That is the power of mind. And I can give you a million examples every day of every occurrence how this happens, and you know it exists cuz you see it in your life. It does not make you immune to it.
We're all We're all Like we're all susceptible. Which is why it's so important to understand it. And then the way you can do it is question it. But you're breaking my phrase phrase sentence. Yeah, I'm sorry. No, I can just I love it. I love it. >> This is what happens. This is This is what happens.
Every person who's come to this call in the last two or three, their mind gets broken. So, I get it in the best way. Like it just it expands it. Like that is what I'm here to do is to expand your way of thinking so you can understand what's possible cuz it's beyond your imagination. It literally is your imagination. Which is know as That doesn't mean anything to you right now, but if you keep showing up, it will.
Any other questions cuz I got to run. Good. All right, guys. Um, thank you for showing up and playing today. Please tell your friends, bring them all, and we can change the world by changing your mind. Peace.
