Yourself? Yeah, doing good, bro. Good. Um what is it? Tuesday over here? Living in the future. Oh, nice. Living in the future. Jaden, by the way, your setup looks way better, man. My goodness. I appreciate it, man. Thank you. When you When I When you're showing up on the couch, I was like, "What's this guy doing?" Like I hope this isn't how he takes calls, but like >> No, no.
I was I Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I was just on my couch that one day. That's funny you remembered. What background do you guys use? Do you get that on Amazon or I mean, I got mine from uh Home Depot. I don't really like it, to be honest. I think it's kind of It looked really good on the photos. I don't think it looks horrible, but it didn't look like what it looked like in the photos.
But I'm planning on getting some wood back on like that or get a black one or something. But I like that one. I got this from Bunnings. Each panel There's three panels. Each one was like 80 bucks. 240 bucks, and I think it looks good. Tark sitting in the corner. A $20 plant. Yeah. >> I spent more on the pot, and you can't even see the pot.
>> [laughter] >> What is it called? Uh it's wood. Um Oh my goodness, what is that? Acoustic paneling. Okay. I'll give it a look. Appreciate it. Yeah, bro. Adam, how you doing? I'm making it. Well, that's half the battle, man. That's half the battle. All right, guys. As you know, I like to run these calls open Q&A style.
We can do call reviews, we can do role play, we can just answer any questions that are on the top of your mind. How can I help? And if someone's talking, you have something, just chuck your hand up, press the little hand button. I'll get to you. All right. Who wants to start us off? Jaden, go for it. So, I was going to ask for call review, but I need to find a call.
But basically, what I My main question is around is around objection handling. Kind of like your process because I've been tracking my objections I've been getting. And right now it's been It always touches down logistical because the offer it's 7,000 or it's 5,000. And then typically we've having to splits or going to financing.
So, what's kind of like your process to keep them in out um outcome-based thinking while guiding the process and making sure that they understand like it's for them and it's worth it. Yep, we can go through that. Uh it would be using the pacing the objection. And if the And if the main uh logistical, if you will, is money, then I'll walk you through what the the money looks like.
Yeah, it'd be like money and fear, you know, of course, like the dabbling back, but yeah. Yeah. You handle the logistic first, and then you handle the fear. And with that, you handle it like um you just be like is it Well, you'd first be like, "Okay, well, money aside, do you feel like this is the answer? Well, what would that do for you more specifically?" And then you'd go into the road of like What was I going to say? Logistics.
Well, then it depends how they answer on that. If they give me uncertainty, then I'm going to call it out. Right? If they give me like, "Yeah, man, no, this is the right thing. It's just like uh man, it's a lot of money. I don't know how I'm going to make this work." Got you.
So, it's more of a case like not if you want to do this, you know you want to, but it's more like how can you actually make it work? Is that right? Mhm. Yeah, bro, that's it. Cool, man. Well, like is the 5,000 just something you don't have access to or what's your situation? Just so I can understand. Yeah. >> Yeah, man, I just don't have access to it.
Cool, I don't want money to be the reason you can't get started. Right? And then I'll go through what I call the open wallet sequence. Right? It's like I guess And this is how it is. If you go watch some of the recordings, you'll see it. We went through it in like lots of details. Okay. But in the simplest terms, it's like, "Sweet, man.
Like I said, I never want investment to be the reason someone can't do something. I suppose for you, Jaden, like if we're able to go through your situation, just see if there's a way to actually make this work, like would that be helpful?" Yeah. >> Yeah, man, that'd be super helpful. Got to like And I'm not really asking like what you can spend.
I totally get that could be one thing. I'm just seeing what you have access to, man, so I can actually help and see if there's a plan we can put together. Okay? Mhm. >> Sweet. So, what do you have access to in your savings? Checkings? Do you have any investments? Cards? Credit card? Anything like that? Any other personal lines of credit? What's your credit score? We have a really good in-house credit helping people apply.
What's your credit score? Okay. Do you And if they're really broke, do you have anything you can sell? Do you have anyone that can help you? Has that person ever helped you before? What are the odds they actually help you? Are they home? Sweet, go grab them. Let's chat. Mhm. All right. And then it's like, "Sweet, what are you able to save on a monthly basis? Like if you had to to go towards something like this?" Mhm.
[clears throat] >> Not how much can you save a month cuz then that'll just say people's habits. They're like, "Oh, I save like 500 bucks a month." It's like, "No, how much could you save if you had to for something like this?" Ah, I could do like a $1,000. Okay. Sorry, I was going to say more so like when you're going through that pathway, I do really similarly.
But when I'm going through it, you know, as you start going through it, the fear starts You can hear the the fear in their voice creeping back in. What's kind of >> It's your job to keep it lighthearted and keep it engaged. Okay. If you're getting fear creeping in during that process, it's because you're being like, "So, what's in your savings?" Okay. And you're being too serious.
Like I usually make a joke. I'm like, "Sweet, man. So, what what do you got on hand with your savings at the moment?" They're like, "Oh, like I don't know, 1,000 bucks." Got You You got any like cash stuffed into the mattress or anything like that? Mhm. They're like, "Nah, man, no. Just in the bank." All right, fair enough.
Well, what about any investments? You a crypto guy or do you got some stuff in a Robinhood account? Okay. Right? And like you start working through it that way. Does that make sense? Yeah. I'll I'll I'll go find a call, and then I'll go put my hand up after everyone. I have time. Jeff, go for it. You're muted, buddy.
I'm over here glazing you, and I'm on mute. No, I was just saying uh I've loved the recordings so far, man. You've been great. Um so, couple things. Uh I was wondering if if you have a doc to open wallet deal cuz that's like really smooth. I like I like how you do it better than anyone else.
So, I was wondering if we can get access to that. And um I I think I mentioned to you before I'm on a marriage offer versus Christian men looking to save their marriage. And typically they're drawn in by a low-ticket item that's either 27 or 97 dollars saying that, "Yeah, you can save your marriage with this." And of course, the upsells begin.
They have the front end and all that jazz. So, typically as they um go through it, there is a point where they're the call to action is say book a call. And then we jump on, and they think it's an onboarding deal or they don't they don't they're not expecting like a 3 to 10K price point, you know? So, I was wondering like how would you um I guess navigate the call knowing that that might come up at the end.
Kind of like the bait and switch in in the sense like they go through, then they feel like they're bait and switch. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Half the time I'll get that. Um and then others like they're like, "Yeah, I I kind of figured it was it This wasn't going to save my marriage." Um but you know, for the half that are like they're like the bait and switch, it's slapped pretty hard.
So, I was just wondering like how do I poke holes in that theory? Just helping them see like that's not going to cut it. Um cuz they bought like a low ticket, and then they booked in. Yep. Yep, yep. Exactly. So, where are you getting this resistance? Usually at the end. Like so, yeah, usually at the end when I'm pitching. Um like either like I'll I'll I'll notice the shift.
Like I'm like How do you intro the pitch? I'm like, "Oh, yeah, based on everything you told me, Liam, um and with the men we work with on a daily basis, I'm confident that what we do will help you become that, you know, working husband. Um so, if it's okay with you, I'd like to go over what that looks like. That'd be all right?" But they're like, "Yeah, yeah, sure.
" Okay, write this down, and then I'll go through my >> because think about it. They just bought a low ticket. Yeah. >> They think you're explaining what they just bought. Yeah. Right. Yeah. >> to have some type of differentiator in there. They're like, "Hey, Jeff, look. I really appreciate, you know, the honesty you've given me today.
I feel like I really understand your situation. I know we can help. Now, I I know you had bought in our X, Y, and Z to be able to get some help. Um What we find, though, is a lot of men that are are serious like yourself that really want to take this to the next level and make sure they give their marriage the best chance, they actually get some of our additional support.
And if it's all right with you, I'd love to walk you through what that actually looks like." Okay. Cuz now you're framing them where it's not a bait and switch anymore. You've like said, "Hey, awesome, man. Like I know we're going to be able to help. Like the resource you've got, it's great, but a lot of guys, they find they want to have extra support to really give them the best chance at their marriage.
Would it be okay? Like would it be helpful if we went through what that would look like?" So, you do that Yeah. Now, when you pitch them, it's not a switch because you just said and they just gave you permission to talk about the upsell. Sure. So, okay. Um so, you would do that before the pitch then. Mhm. >> [clears throat] >> So, you wouldn't do that earlier in the call cuz I'm I was trying to figure out like if there was a way like bringing it up earlier.
Like, "Hey, good on you for being proactive, grabbing the the toolkit." And then like finding some way like earlier in the call cuz by the time I get to my pitch, we're about 20 to 25 minutes in. Mhm. Um is there a way to do it better upstream or is Is the optimal place you think? You can, but my question would be why? To to save time, ideally.
You're right, cuz I would hate to like go 20 25 minutes in depending on certain guys, even 30. Then we're going into the pitch, and then they're like, "Oh, wait, bait and switch." You know? Versus if I can deal with them more upstream, it'd be 5 to 10 minutes in, then it's like, you know, save us both the heartache. Is my >> I would I would say it depends how many people you're getting to that cut it off because it's bait and switch.
Sure. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know I see like If it's like one one in 10 do that or two in 10, it's not worth getting the other eight who would have gone through the process and said yes at the minute 20. Yeah. Because if you ask it too early, they haven't told you enough about their situation.
They haven't opened up enough where they're like, "Oh, what? No, like I I'm good with what I have, man. I just want to try this." For sure. That's good. Okay, that's good. That's I needed that shift, so appreciate it, man. No worries. Sworen. Hi, yeah. Um I said a quick question about like people that um so like I'm on a trading offer, and let's just say you find out like maybe 10 15 minutes into the call that like they're only a week or two into trading, um and it's a similar price point to Jayden, so obviously it's a lot harder for them to
digest that when they just started looking into it. So, how would you kind of uh cuz there's a lot of resources I can nurture them with, but how would you kind of set it up so that you can have another conversation like two maybe a week or two later once they've, you know, gone a bit further into it, maybe they tried something on their own, something like that.
Well, I'd say two things. Mhm. One, how long they've been trading for and how long they've been thinking about getting into trading are two very different things. Mhm. Right? I've been looking at share trading for 6 months, but I only started trading this last week. Got you. Mhm. Very different than, man, I had no idea what trading was.
I literally just found out trading was a thing a week ago, and I'm just starting. And I took my first trade this week. So, for the first person, would you kind of play into the fact that like they've been looking at it for this long, they haven't taken action, and and that sort of thing, or Yeah, you could route it down that route, and also, awesome, man.
Like you're obviously someone that takes your time, you want to make sure that this is right. That's why people actually come into a program like us, cuz they don't want to spend the next 6 months of wasting their money and actually failing. They want a proven process right off the rip. Mhm. Right? And I can tell by the fact you took 6 months to actually make your first trade, you're obviously someone that wants to do this smart in the most efficient way possible.
Is that fair to say? Yeah, bro, that is. Well, look, this is going to be perfect for you. If it'd be helpful like walk you through what that actually looks like. And then >> All right, okay. I see what you mean. All right, cool. Thank you. And so for the second guy though, like if you were going to like how would you end the call to where you could have another conversation going forward? And let's say he's like, "Yo, I just found out about trading like a week and a half ago, never even looked into it.
" Um you know, you just send him the resources and then just kind of keep up with him through text or something, or What if I told you people still buy even if it's something they just looked into? But like for anything I I like that high of a price point of like 5 7K that they would have just thrown it down even though they just found out like a week ago? I sell training to get into remote sales and help people upskill in sales.
That's what I sell. It's my offer. I uh people come through my funnel who had no idea what remote sales was before they clicked on my ad. They talked to me 24 hours later after booking, and they buy. Right. Yeah. You're justifying reasons why you need to delay. Mhm. Now, there's a difference between going all the way, you get to the end, they're like, "Bro, I'm so new to this.
Like I just want to have a little bit more time." Hey, fair, bro. Look, let's book a call in a couple of weeks, right? After you've already objection handled a few times, they're like, "Bro, I just really want to take the time, right? Like you've done everything. Mhm. There's I just like it's so new, bro. I really want some time." Mhm. Cool. Book a follow-up.
That's fine. But don't Don't allow it to dictate how the conversation goes. I see what you They showed up on the call because they want more information, because they are serious about making this change. Mhm. Yeah. Okay, cool. Thank you. And the price point doesn't matter. Right? You you say 5 to 7K like it's a lot of money. Mhm.
My question would to you would be, well, why is 5 to 7K a lot of money? Like in relation to what they're making though, right? Like if they're making 4 to 5 grand a month, that is a lot for them to to kind of spend, you know, for something they just found out about. But I see what you mean, if they booked the call, they went through with it, obviously they want to to do it to some degree, right? Yeah, I see what you mean.
All right. It'd be a lot of money maybe sell buy on a cold call, but how many people buy on cold calls? Still happens. Mhm. Now, these people went through steps in the funnel to get onto the call where you're with them. Most of the reason I think this is going to be helpful for all of you. Most deals don't close on a call, not because the prospect doesn't want to buy, but because you've given up on them at some point in the call.
Go back and review the last 10 sales calls that didn't close, and you'll find one moment where you gave up, and you stopped actually pursuing. Got too hard, came into the [ __ ] this guy basket, it came into a not this isn't going to happen, and it's nothing that they said. They didn't say, "No, I'm not doing this.
I don't want to buy." But you assumed and you labeled and you gave up. You stopped trying, and that's why the deal didn't close. So, do better, don't give up. I see what you mean. Straight up. Oh, straight up, bro. Like I mean, man, I have sold people, okay, where they have no money, nothing in their account, they're literally a stay-at-home mom living in Poland, has next to nothing in their like $25 in their bank account, and I take a $20 deposit, and we put together a plan so she can get started in 6 months from now after she saved up.
And then 6 months later she pays it in full, and we get her started. I didn't give up on her. Most closers would be like, "Nah, this person's broke. [ __ ] this lead. On to the next." Mhm. I'm like, how can I actually help this person make a damn change and help them get out of their own way? And when you stop thinking of sales like, "Oh, I need this deal to close now. Like this is what I need.
I just need the deals to close." And you start thinking like a real sales rep, which is, "Hey, I'm in this for the long term. How can I set this person up to win, and how can I nurture this relationship till it closes?" Whether that closes today or whether that closes 3 months from now. Cuz sometimes you get the ones they're they just like you talk to someone they're making 4 grand a month, their expenses are three and a half grand, they've got 500 bucks extra.
They got two kids, and they want to spend their money on their kids, the little extra they do have. That is very likely it's not going to close on the call. And they have 500 bucks in savings. Right? Like it's very hard to close a deal like that on the spot. What's probably going to happen is you're putting together a plan for them to be able to get started, whether it's a payment plan so they get started now, or it's a plan that they have to save and you keep in touch with them over the next month or two until they have some
resources to actually have a deposit to get started. Does that make sense? Mhm. So, just sorry, another follow-up question just with that. So, for those people that are on the like the or do you like how do you actually keep up with them so that two or 6 months down the line they are still in the same mindset they're willing to kind of go through with it? I'd call them every week.
Every week? Call them. If the person hasn't told me no, why would I stop following up? And it's literally, "Hey, man, how you getting on? I was just thinking of you, wanted to check in." "Oh, yeah, I'm going, man. Like you know, this kind of thing." And by the end of it, people are like, "Wow, thank you for giving a shit.
" Cuz what's the most like in your coaching offer, in any coaching offer, yes, people are buying information. Yes, people are buying the path. But people are also buying accountability. Right? A big part of a coach is accountability. And what have you shown by following up with them? You're saying, "Hey, bro, I'm holding you accountable.
" >> Accountable, yeah. It can also be sending resources. Be like, "Hey, um thought this training would help you, give you a bit more perspective." Or if you have a case study, "Hey, saw this just came through, awesome client win, thought I'd like to share it with you, so it gives you some inspiration." Makes sense? Yeah, for sure.
Follow-up is great, but you don't want to push to follow up, right? Um By that I mean, follow-up is great, but you don't be in a sales call 15 minutes in, this person's brand new, I'm going to have to follow up with them. No, still go through the process, still try to help them, and if it can't close, then you follow up until it can close. Mhm.
What about you, Julia? You're muted, camera off. Where are you at? It's always a can of worms there. What about you, Jason? How can I help you? Oh, she's back. Hi, Julia. I don't want to bed in anyone with my inner thoughts. >> [snorts] >> Fair enough. You go, Jason. I'm easy. That's my first call, so I'm just going to wait.
See nothing things first direction. But, yeah. Your what, sorry? That's That's my first call. What what the team so What do you do? What do you do? What do you sell? So, I do like uh strength national for MMA fighters, so I sell programs for them. Yeah. So. Okay. It's going all right. What's the number one objection you're getting right now? Where is this Finance, make money.
That's the That's the one. Um yeah, pretty much. I don't I don't get What's that? How do you currently handle it? Well, I've went through like the any any PQ kind of like material and that kind of stuff and I'm just kind of like learning how to do their way of like kind of like handling the objection. So. Yeah. Nice.
But, what do you do? How long have you been doing it? Uh What what like coaching? Yes. Yeah, about two Oh, two years like online. Yeah. >> Okay. What's How have you been handling that objection over the last 2 years before you started looking at any PQ? Just kind of like Well, before I was like kind of like I wasn't even handling the objection.
I would just like say to them, "This is the price." And then like like until I say that on their own. But, now it's like kind of learn how to kind of close them on a call with with a higher price as well. Mhm. Yeah. Um that document I put into the chat, take that and run with it. Yeah. I'll see. If it's a logistical money objection, every single person that ever gives you a logistical money objection should go through an open wallet.
When you do that, would you do it more Would you Would you see the like uh like Tuesday uh 2:00 p.m. plan or would you go straight to the open wallet? Open wallet first. I never prescribe a payment plan before I know someone's situation. Okay. Okay. >> All right. Yeah. Let's put it this way. You don't have the full You don't have the money for all of it.
You're like, "Yeah, bro. I just don't have the money." And then I say, "Sweet, man. What if we just split it in half? We do half of it today, half of it, you know, next month." Yeah. Well, if they didn't have the money to pay it in full, do you think they have half of it today and half of it next month? Yeah. I know what you mean.
So, just to know Yeah. So, just to know the situation first and then Yeah. Get clarity. Okay. You can't help someone if you don't get clarity. It's like if you were you train MMA fighters, you said, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Someone comes to you for training and you immediately are like They're like, "Man, I just find" What's an issue that fighters have? Gassed out.
Gassed out, right? >> Yeah, yeah. Cool. They're like, "Man, I'm just gassed out." And you're like, "Cool. We're going to start doing a thousand suicides every single day until you're not gassed." Yeah. And then there And then you find out, "Oh, actually the issue is not that they're gas gassing out, but they gas out in the last five sec five minutes of like the last round and that's really struggling.
" Well, would you prescribe that person a different plan than the person that was gassing out in the first 30 seconds? Yeah, probably. Probably, right? You'd probably give them different [clears throat] advice. Mhm. But, when it comes to someone's finance, you're just giving a blanket answer when you don't know their situation to actually give them the help they need.
Yeah. So, get clarity on the situation, then you can prescribe based on what they actually have going on. Mhm. Okay. Makes sense. Usually does. It helps. That's the one. All right. Perfect. Uh Jayden, did you find your call to review? I was kind of watching it and just seeing the problems myself. >> [laughter] >> It tends to happen, bro. All right.
Well, send it over to me. Let me pull it up. We'll have some fun. Uh Anything from you, Julia, before we dive in? Nah, she's good. All right, Jeff. I don't know where to send the What's the best like file sender? What is it? Is it a Fathom recording or what is it? No, it's like uh I had to download the file, so I just have the file on my computer.
Okay, you'll just share your screen in a second and share it. What's your question, Jeff? Yeah, I'll be super quick. Um just curious to know like what are like the best daily practices to have cuz I feel like I'm overloaded with stuff like I listen to like a lot of different content. So, I'm wondering like, "Okay, from role play to call review, what kind of call to review?" Like I'm just curious to know like what are like the maybe a the best practices is non-negotiables as far as just like better in sales.
For a month, it's okay, I guess. All right, cool. Um so, the best practices of what you should do to upskill yourself, is that kind of what you're saying? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Yeah, bro. What I do is that you choose one thing that day. Have a focus for that day. All right. Monday, it could be, "Cool. I'm going to do objection handling.
" Do 15 minutes of a call review where you go into an objection and you hit pause every time they say something and practice what you should have said. Okay. All right. Mhm. >> [clears throat] >> And then the next bit after you're going through and you're like, "Cool. [snorts] I've now done that." Now, write out those objections again.
Cool. How am I going to handle the objection that came up today was I need to think about it. What are four different ways I can break through and I need to think about it? Mhm. Okay, cool. Go through that. Then the next day comes up. Have I mastered that yet? No, actually. I need to think about it still my issue.
Train on it again for another half hour. All right. Do more of it. Go do a role play. Implement it on a new call. Watch what you did. Did it change? To be a master at sales, you need to know there's a hundred problems to fix and you only fix one at a time. Mhm. Yeah. All right. It's good.
So, just like focus on one thing at a time. I like that. So, like listening to a call review, pause it. Okay. What should I have done better? Like I'm like reviewing film sort of thing. Um and then >> film, but not even what would I have done better? Oh, I should have handled this objection better. Yeah, okay, cool. But, what the [ __ ] should you have actually said word for word? So, you have it written down.
Yeah, exactly. >> You say Yeah, you say like four different responses? Yeah. Four, five, 10. Yeah. Yeah. [snorts] Sweet. >> implement it. Practice it. I'll do that. Appreciate it. Yeah, bro. The reason most people don't progress in sales as fast as they like is they lack consistency. And they lack specific training.
All right. Um Julia, you don't have to do daily sales call review, but let me ask you this. If you have the same issue appearing time after time, do you think it would be beneficial to watch that call or at least that section of that call multiple times? What do you think is, you know, if you're to go, "Okay, I didn't close that call.
" If you were to go back and look at a section of your call to see where it someone gone, is it usually in the discovery that you would say? Well, first I'd look at it and say, "How do I Before I review it, how did I feel about that call? Do I feel like that call went well?" Actually, I feel like the call went really, really well.
Okay. Was it just an anomaly that this person didn't close even though I did everything the best I could do? Yeah, I think that could could be the case. Okay. You can still watch it, but there's probably not going to be much you're going to take out of that. All right. Then you can go through be like, "Ooh, I really like this point.
It landed really well." Then you can find a point be like, "Ooh, actually here I missed a point here. What could I What could I have done to build a better discovery here? How could I handle this objection better?" All right? But, if you go in through a call and you finish and be like, "Did I do the best I could do?" And you ask yourself.
And the answer, if it comes up with no, then you ask yourself, "Well, where do I feel like I didn't do as well as I could have done?" And you're a smart human being. Your brain will say, "Actually, in the discovery you rushed it and I think that's where the deal was lost." Cool. Go watch the discovery and break that down.
Or it's like, "I fumbled the bag on objection handling." Awesome. Go review the objection handling section. Does that make sense? >> Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Cuz sometimes I'm like, "Oh, can't you have like a bit of a bad discovery and still sell them?" Yeah. 100%. >> Well, like you know how um for people who aren't who are selling like maybe a product or a service where um it it can go very logistical and you know that you should have probed into, you know, some of the emotional tangibles, emotional stuff.
I um Like can you Surely you can still like bring it back with a pitch? And good objection handling. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. That's all I'm saying. When you call review, you call review for two reasons, okay? The first call review that I'll do is when I'm in a rut, I haven't closed any deals, I'm going to go watch my best sales calls and just be like, "Oh my gosh, I can do this. Wow, look at that.
That was awesome. Holy crap, that that was freaking lit. That Oh my gosh, I'm awesome. That was really good." And I do it because it builds my confidence knowing I've done this before, I just watched game tape, I know I can do this again. Cool, I feel better about myself. The second reason we watch calls is to get better, which means we're not looking as much for the good things, we're looking where did I mess up and where could I have done better.
How often are you reviewing a good call? >> [snorts] >> Like just when you're feeling like I need to review a call. Yeah, when you're feeling low. When you're not like feeling peak. So, it really depends. Like if I'm on a good week, I might not watch any calls cuz I'm just in the flow state. If I'm closing 50% of my calls and I'm feeling really good about everything, I'm probably not call reviewing at that moment.
Right? Unless I'm like, "Actually, ooh, I did really well this week, but I know there were some deals I could have gotten cuz I lost it here. Awesome, I go back, I watch that section. Ooh, yes, that was the mess up I had. Cool, this is how I'd handle this next time." I drill it, I practice it.
Cool, next time that exact scenario pops up, I know what to do. All right, Jaden, share your screen. Let's go through a bit of this video. And you're muted, by the way, I muted you. You guys saw that. Uh let me know if you can hear me. I'll be making you. Can you hear? Yeah. Yeah. I'll I'll Uh context, uh I basically just pitched price and yeah, it's 5K.
And I think he he in the call we kind of got out of him that he has 2,000 I think he said he had I mean, we'll just hear it, but yeah. >> Okay. Yeah. >> So So far the fees for the coaching is different or it's in it's included? So, this is the fees for the coaching and getting the help so we can get you to that level. Okay. Yeah.
And like with this like with everything we went over like do you feel like this could be the answer for you? Yeah, I think so, yeah, man. And getting this help, man, like for you more specifically, like what would this actually do for you? So For me? Like learning from you guys. Like getting like learning from us, getting the skills to trade, what what does that do for you more specifically? I don't have to work 60 hours there, so that that would be a much help.
I can go out and enjoy with my friends, yeah. Yeah. Okay, so I sent that link to your iMessage. Oh. Pause. Yeah, he did say No, so before that he said I'm Sorry, I should go back further. I think he said yes and I sent the link to him. And then then once he got the link, he started objection handling more with me. Okay, that's fine. Keep playing.
>> me to go back or just keep going? Keep going, but where I would have gone from there is you didn't finish off the pace in the first objection. Yeah. With the answer he gave, right? I would have also tied it back into like what actually stands out that he feels like would be like the key to the castle to actually get him the help he needs.
Mhm. Right? You got the attainable like why he's doing it, which is great, we want that, but then tie it back into why he should do this and not some other program that's $100. Like what stands out in what we are doing that's going to give you that help. And then he's going to say like the coaching or the support or the fact you guys have done it a bunch already.
Any of that kind of stuff is good. So, on that I guess I have a question as well cuz what I've been told as well from of course people sell differently and everything, but what I've told is the main thing for them especially when you're in sales is they buy on emotions. So, you want to tie it more so to the emotional outcome and that's why I asked like that.
Like just like okay, what would this do for you cuz now the thing is they like okay, well, I'm going to be quitting my job that's doing 60 hours a week. Okay, I'm going to have that time for myself and my family now. So, would you say ask both or like just at different times? >> [snorts] >> I like to get a mix of both in my answer. Mhm.
Like preferably I'd be like Hey man, so like >> [clears throat] >> walk me through I guess money aside, does this program actually make sense for you? Like is this something that you want to do? Cuz that's the most important thing, right? Yeah, no, I want to do it. Why do you want to do it? Well, because I really want to be able to be in a position where like I don't have to work those 60-hour weeks anymore and get to some time with my family.
And I guess like what really stands out? Like what do you feel like this would be the right thing for you? Well, bro, it's just the coaching support. Like I feel like if I had that kind of like know exactly when to take a trade and when not to, it would just be incredible. Yeah. >> Awesome, man. Now I can see that.
So, it doesn't sound like you're in a place like if you should do this, it's more like how you can actually make it happen. Is that fair to say? Mhm. Yeah, bro. Okay, well, I texted you through the link, man. Is there anything else stopping you? Like what what other questions do you have? Are you ready to get rocking and rolling? No, like uh I'm not sure, man.
Uh Cool, handle objections. Yeah. All right. Press play. So, there's two options. Either we can go um you can choose one of these payments and break it up or we could just do a 2,500 payment and then we'll do another 2,500 payment in 30 days from now. Okay. I I don't see any text there. I'm seeing it. Um Your number is the Yeah, 40.
All right, here. Yeah, 40. All right, here. Okay. So, I can do it like 12 months, right? Yeah, you can do whatever option you want to do. Okay. Okay. With this I need like little more time. Is it okay? No worries, uh you take whatever however much time you want. >> Yeah, yeah. See like just to see if I can help, like what's behind you wanting more time? I need more time.
I have to discuss with my mom, but she know. She Yeah, she gives me advice, so yeah. I have to go through with her. Okay. No worries. And is it more of like a a FYI I'm going to be doing this or is it more like a like hey I'm confused, yeah. I'm confused now. So, it's more like a hey, can I help you? Like hey like um should I do this or is it more like hey, I'm going to do this, I just want to I just want to hear your opinion? Should I do this? Mhm.
Yeah, that's And can I offer uh like a perspective on that cuz like we also There's a different way our our top achievers use it. And I see this from a coaching perspective. Like of course like I'm here to help you. If you want to do this, that's I'm here to help you. Um if this is the answer for you.
The thing is, I'm sure your mom loves you and I know she cares about you and she wants the best for you. Yeah. Is she How do I say this? Like is she in the position that financially as an entrepreneur that you want to be in? No. Mhm. So, do you feel like you should be taking Not Not in a bad way, but do you feel like she's going to be there to offer you the right perspective on the situation? Because how we like to look like how our high achievers typically look at situations like this, it's like yes, I'm sure she'll give you the best
situation, but when I want to know about cars, I don't go to my younger brother by who knows me and I know he cares about me about how I do my oil change. I go to the mechanic down the road who knows how to change oil. Yeah. In this situation when we talk about money, we talk about things, you have to ask talk to people and consult with people who are in the situation you want to be because if she if you're going to her, I'm sure she's going to give you the best advice to protect you or keep you safe and give
you a good the best advice she thinks, but it's also like she's giving you the advice the of the perspective that has her in that situation. So, if you want to get to a different situation on money wise, like if she's successful and you you want to be in her situation like that, by all means.
But if she's not in the financial situation that you want to be in or she's not an entrepreneur in the space that you want to do cuz maybe she might be the best >> [laughter] >> and you could go ask her for cooking advice. Now, maybe she's not the best option, yeah. So then >> that. So if you go to her asking for her perspective, she's going to give you advice from her perspective and I would like to look at it, man, it's kind of like there's you.
You know there's you here who's making, you know, $3,000 per month and the version of you is the version of you making $30,000 per month. It's a bridge and you know what the difference is like how to cross the bridge? I [snorts] tell you, basically it's you have to start making decisions like that person. Cuz if you have a person who's making like like let's say Elon Musk.
There's you and you're making $3,000 a month and there's Elon Musk. If you go and you if let's say you take your brain and you put it in Elon Musk and you start living his life. >> Yeah, I already know Yeah, I already know All right. So didn't even like Yeah, you you started off well. Right? But Um have you heard like the time and intensity um axis? I I yeah, the longer it takes the less it like it uh is efficient like the less it hits, basically.
No. Time and intensity axis means if you go too intense off the rip, you raise pressure and the person doesn't buy. Right? You want to stack pressure consistently and slowly where at the beginning it's like sweet, but do you believe like we make our decisions based off like our perspectives? Like the way you look at the world influences the decisions you make.
Well, yeah, of course. And are you 100% happy with where your life is at today? Well, no. Not 100%. Okay. But like what happens if you keep making decisions the same way you have in the past instead of looking at it from a different point of view? Well, I I guess I stay where I am. And I guess the question is like how long do you want to let your current mindset hold you back from getting to where you know you should be? Well, I don't want it to.
Well, where do you think we should go from here? Right? And he's like, man, like I really just got to talk to my mom. And then you hit him with this analogy it stacks on top and this would hit so much harder, right? And then tidy this [ __ ] up so it's not 2 minutes ranting. You have an analogy a perspective shift and a reframe.
Yeah. Right? So you give the analogy which shifts his perspective and then you hit him with a reframe. So where do you think we should go from here, man? Do you really think going to your mom for the advice is the best thing to do in this situation? Or what do you think we should do? Yeah. And you leave it open-ended so if he says, no, man, I really just got to talk to my mom, you can handle it again and you didn't say, sweet, so you ready to get going? He says, no, and now you have to backpedal.
Or seem pushy. When you just ask, where do you want to go from here then? It leaves the door open and if you've done a good enough job with that he's either going to buy or he's going to give you a different objection, which then you stack intensity. So you go from the perspective like it's pretty chill, pretty common to the end of it.
Mate, what are you able to do so when you put your head on your pillow tonight, you know you gave your family the best [ __ ] chance of breaking the line of poverty that you put them at. Okay, cuz we know it's not your problem, but it is your responsibility that this gets solved, right? So what are you going to do? And I'll handle that intensity, but I'm not going to do that [ __ ] step one.
Does that make sense? Yeah. But with you, you weren't going too intense just to be clear. You were staying flat waters, you weren't increasing intensity at all cuz you're like, well, our our top performers, they look at it this way and like I you know, I don't mean to like insult you or like you're like trying to like walk on eggshells.
Mhm. It's like, bro, just use the analogy let it land and ask where he wants to go from here. Yeah. So he's like he said I need to talk to my mom, right? Or I want to talk to my mom. Yeah, mom. Cool. Hey, man, look, totally get that. Like the way I like to look at this is I'm sure your mom is amazing. I'm sure she has great intentions for you.
But is your mom a mechanic? No. Okay. Would you go to your mom and ask her how to change your oil or would you go to the workshop down the road? Well, I'd go to the workshop down the road. Why? Well, cuz that's what they do every day. Gotcha. So is your mom in the financial position where you'd like to be? No.
So do you think taking advice from her in this situation is going to put you in the best spot to actually succeed? No. Where do you want to go from here? See that? Yeah. So you're on the right path. You just need to clean it up. Yeah. And So my as I go down the heavy is the heaviest of pounds, I do like that perspective of not taking responsibility, but I know he mentioned earlier that his uh He mentioned earlier that he sends money back home to his mom.
So it didn't make any sense him going to ask his mom when he's she's in India and he sends her money every month. >> [snorts] >> Yeah. [laughter] Yeah. Which tells you it's not the real reason. Yeah. Then he ended up getting declined and then I did the fear. He ended up applying for finance getting declined and then I tried to get him to 100 and I couldn't get him to put down all this cash.
>> [snorts] >> Yeah, fair. He only had 100 bucks? No, no, he had 2,500, but that was like his whole savings, basically. So we either refinance it or um he puts 2,500 down and then we split up the next two payments in two different months. Mhm. And how'd you how'd you handle that? Um basically I just went down and I was like, well, how are we going to get you to get the skill how are we going cuz we got declined.
I was like, no worries, man, that happens sometimes. So we're kind of left with two other options if you want to get the skills to be able to provide a better life for ourself and our family. Um we can put down the 2,500 and he gave me fear. I looped around like three times different fear objections and he was just like, no, I can't if any other options to do a bit more money.
And then um then I was just getting creative. I I probably shouldn't have done this and I was just getting creative. So I was thinking cuz we have a deposit link for 500. So I was thinking of cuz he's like, if you can finance it, I'll do it because even in a month he couldn't make the next payment.
So we had to split that payment up. So I was like, okay. I was going to just see if I could split it the $500 split it the $500 cuz his credit limit is 1,000. So I was going to split it two $500 so at least we finance half of it and then he puts down $1,500. But when I was explaining it and all that and all that fear, he was like, what the [ __ ] is going on? I'm out.
And then he we're we're cool like uh we left on like after that he was just like, I can't I can't I can't I can't. And I was like, okay. And then we went for like 30 minutes and I had another call. So I just got his phone number and said I'll um follow up with him, but The offers to make money off of, right? Yeah, it's trading is a Okay.
Before I go into finance, when I know the person doesn't have a lot of resources, I frame it first. It's all about framing. Make sure you get the right perspective in place. Hey, man. Sweet. So like what we could do is we could look at financing options if you're open to that. Yeah, I'm open to that. Cool.
Now, I want to be clear like finance, there's a chance that it doesn't go through. Right? Like, man, I've had people with 850 credit scores, the best applicants for some reason they don't get approved. Like it happens. Right? So what I want to know like regardless of if we use finances, are you open to actually making this work regardless of what options it takes? Cuz man, like the thing is we're going to have your back and I know we're going to be able to teach you the skill set to be able to get you there, but you need to be able to take that risk on your
side to actually become the version of you you said you wanted to become. Right? Now, finance gets he's like, yeah, no, I want to do it. Cool. Finance doesn't get approved. Sweet, man. Like we said, we we knew this was an opportunity. We knew this was a chance that it didn't get approved. The next steps from here, bro, is what we do is we're going to put down cash so we can actually make this deal happen.
And I know you might be thinking to yourself, well, even if I do the 2,500, I have no idea how I'm going to come up with the other 2,500. And this is the crazy thing, bro. You ever wanted to do something in your life, but you had no idea how to actually make that happen? Like have you ever thought of something and then you're like, man, I want to do this, but I have no idea how to make it happen.
Have you ever done that? Yeah, of course. Now, is there a time where you actually achieved it even though you had no idea how you were going to do it? Yeah, yeah, I did. What what was it? Get them to tell themselves the story. Oh, well, actually for me it was moving to America. Like I always wanted to, but I never knew if I actually could do it and like um then I'm finally here and I'm I'm living the life.
Man, that's huge. So you took a huge bet on yourself investing into your dream to make this become a reality and it worked. Yeah. So what makes you feel this time it's going to be any different? Well, man, it's just a lot of money if it fit I get that. But like the thing is when we look back on this this is how I like to make decisions anyway.
I look at it from the perspective if I'm at the end of my life, right? I'm laying on my deathbed. What would I regret more? Spending 2,500 and then not making it happen, not making it work and I got kicked out of a program, but at least I tried, or had never tried at all and living with the regret knowing I could have done more.
Which one would you rather live with? Well, the first one. You sure? Like, you don't have to. You can live with regret if you prefer. No, like I really want to do that one. Okay, man, cuz it's scary and I'm doing a lot of pushback. It's scary. Yeah, no, I know, but like I need to do it. Cool, man.
Well, the thing is, like, when you jump out of a plane, you don't jump out and grab the railing, right? Like, you got to You got to jump out. And when does your parachute go off when you're para- when you like go skydiving? Do you know? No, I've never done skydiving before. Okay. Do you think it goes off in the plane or do you think it goes off once you've jumped? Well, once you've jumped. Cool.
Wear the parachute. We're going to be there to got you. Like, bro, I'm going to go to bat to make sure you can kick ass, but the first step that actually has to happen is you got to make the jump. We're going to protect you. We're going to carry you. We're going to look after you. But you actually need to take that step.
So, are are you ready to jump out of that plane or where do you want to go from here? Yeah, bro, I'm ready. Awesome, man. Let's do it. Yeah, some good stuff right there, Dan. Objection handling with Liam. >> [snorts] >> What did you sell before? Oh, bro, I sold everything. [ __ ] sold everything. I've sold a lot of biz-op, a lot of like business opportunity [ __ ] so So, you started high ticket sales? No, I did door-to-door for 5 years first.
Yeah. Door-to-door fundraising. Door-to-door fundraising, bro. That sounds like a good time. Yeah, get people to give me money for nothing. Literally. Um and I got into high ticket, sold like Airbnb coaching, sold SaaS, sold uh you're in the States, right? No, Canada. Oh, Canada. I sold like trust and will setup, so people like paid for trusts and wills to get set up.
I've sold like 100K SaaS products. Damn. Business coaching, um like business-to-business mentorship, marketing services, fitness. >> [snorts] >> You name it, I probably sold some version of it. Damn. Yeah, thank you, man. I appreciate that. Yeah, bro. You're welcome. Hopefully it helps. All right, we're coming to the end of the time, you guys.
Got a few minutes left before I got another meeting. Who has any last questions? How can I help? Angel, you jumped on. Haven't seen you talk yet. >> [snorts] >> No, he's not there. All right, let's move on. >> Liam. Just about like the order of you did things. You said first you were going to go to like Is that how you've always made decisions? And then you left it open for the mom thing.
Why would you not just jump straight into the mom thing and then go into like his own perspective? If that's what he brought up initially. Cuz I'm temp checking along the way. Right? Do you think his mom living in India that he sends money to is actually someone he needs to go? No, obviously not. Mhm. So, what would you then call it? Like, it's just he just It's like fluff, right? It's not the actual issue.
All right, I see what you mean. It's a smoke screen. So, why would I handle the smoke screen? Got you. And then if he comes up again, then you can just overcome it regardless. And then you've already kind of I see what you mean. I got that. Most of the time if you try to handle the objection they gave you, it doesn't work because the objection they gave you was [ __ ] Like, for instance, someone tries to sell me something, I say I got to talk to my partner.
Make sense. All of our finances are combined. Her name's on every account I have. Logistically, it it stands true. But it's actually cuz I don't want to spend 10 grand on your thing. I don't believe in you. >> [snorts] >> But I don't need to say that cuz I can be that nice and just pin it on my partner. And I don't have to make you feel bad.
And human beings don't like to make other people feel bad. They like to avoid tough conversations. So, they usually throw out some [ __ ] that isn't relevant. Which is why I tend to handle fear. Once I know logistics are in place, it's fear. Mhm. So, it's fear. There's only three objections.
There's a smoke screen, there's logistics, there's fear. If you broke through the smoke screen, meaning they now said it's money, they said it's something else, money, time, something like that. Now we handle it logistically. Logistically, there's a way for them to move forward. Cool, the only thing left is fear. Mhm. The only real partner objection that is true is a stay-at-home mom who literally doesn't have a card or has a card, but her husband puts a couple hundred bucks a week into it.
And she doesn't have access to any other money. She doesn't have a credit card. She doesn't have anyone she could call for help. Like, she just relies purely on her husband and literally doesn't have access to anything. That's a logistical partner. You can't get around that without talking to the partner. At all, yeah. Anything else is actually just [ __ ] because when a guy, especially, tells you they need to talk to their partner, what he's actually saying to you is I've tried things like this before, it didn't work, and it failed, and I'm afraid that
if I go and tell her I did this again, she leaves me. But he's not going to [ __ ] say that to you. Right. >> That's what he's thinking. Mhm. Or he's thinking, man, what's my wife going to think of me knowing that I invested another thing when the last three things haven't worked. I get that. I was there.
I know that feeling exists. Of course it does. As men, we want to be looked at as like the the authority. All right, the protector, the provider. Mhm. And we keep telling our partners we did [ __ ] and then we're like, yeah, we're doing this. This is the thing, honey. And then it fails. And I say, now this is the thing, honey.
And it fails. Eventually, you stop trying not because you want to stop trying, but because you want to stop disappointing her. Yeah. You have the fear of disappointing her. But if you can get to a call where you get that to come out, and you can handle it, very hard not to get them to move forward. Mhm. But again, it goes back to the basis of everything I'm teaching you guys, get clarity.
Stop trying to handle objections before you actually know the situation. And then another tidbit for you. It's on a different topic. Don't have time to go through it for you. Um but I think it's somewhat relevant. You guys ever been on a sales call and someone saying their problem is X, but you know that their problem is Y? Right? Yeah.
Know that? Say, for instance, trading offer. You um They're like, man, the reason I can't do this, like, I just don't have like capital. I don't have enough capital to trade with. But you know the real reason is actually they're just not a profitable trader cuz any profitable trader could turn 100 bucks into a million bucks.
Like, that's been done so many times. So, it's not the fact they don't have the money, it's the fact that they don't have the skill set to do it. Mhm. But let me ask you this. If your program solves money and it solves skill set, what do you think you should sell them? Is it the fact that you can help them get the money or the fact that you solve the skill set, which they haven't even mentioned they need? Yeah. You handle the money.
Say, well, look, bro, part of this we actually help you get a funded trading account. We have a lot of people that have come in that didn't have the resources at hand. But one of the really cool things about what we do in here is we actually help people get resourceful, so even when money has been an issue, by the end of this program, it's not going to be an issue that actually matters.
Solve the thing in front of them. It's usually an easier sale. As long as you know you handle both. Like, you know ethically, as long as you know you can handle both, like, in terms of the thing you're selling them solves their real issue, you don't need to tell them. Just sell the thing that they want to buy as long as you actually do that thing.
Okay. Okay. Top takeaways from each of you. Go. >> [snorts] >> I feel like I just need to go through my um objection handling process and just really slowly go through it and really understand um what I'm supposed to be saying for each part of it. And then as well, just um watch back my calls and really slow down and understand where I'm trying to go with it.
What I'm trying to handle. Mhm. What about you, Swan? I I say that clarity thing you were talking about, right? Like, instead of just jumping straight into it, figure out really where it's coming from and take it slower. Yeah, bro. Adam? Same. Listen. Listen to where they're actually coming from. Jeff? It's hard to pick one, but I'll say like when they're on the call reviews, just pausing and then seeing how to respond better.
And then um as far as like poking holes into like the low-ticket item. Like just no need to rush it, just allow it to happen and then you know, then just you know, do the big reveal at the top of the pitch. And also don't think of it like a big reveal. Mhm. It's the natural step that this person wants.
This person bought the low ticket cuz they want to fix their marriage. You're doing them a favor by saying, "Hey bro, what you got is good, but what people that are really serious and want to take any of the guesswork out of this, they get that extra help." All right? You're doing them a favor. It's not a big reveal.
It's not you bait and switching them. It's saying, "Hey bro, this is good. I want to help you so it's even better. Do you want to let me help you?" Most people it's very hard to say no to that kind of statement. Yeah, I love the take the guesswork out of it. Love that. Appreciate it, man. Awesome. All right, guys. Well, fun session today. Come back tomorrow.
We'll have some more fun. Thanks for coming. Yes, sir. >> Thank you. Appreciate your time, your wisdom. Have a good day. See you guys. Appreciate you, dude. No worries. >> What do you sell, Adam, again? Can't remember. Uh committed coaches. Right, [clears throat] yes. I remember. You just started on it today. Uh yes.
And that was actually so in the beginning where we were talking about here you did that marriage offer and then it's like it's almost like that cuz they're coming in having bought something low-ticket just a $50, $100 worth of supplements and we're like upselling a coaching package that's low-end is two grand, high-end is 10 grand. So it's like ooh.
>> [clears throat] >> Yeah, so that's exactly what you were saying there with the uh have the transition so it's not so much of a bait and switch. Yeah. 100% bro. Um there's a lot of people on that account making a lot of money. Yeah. More of what it like bait and switch offers most of the time the reason people can't close on it is cuz they are mentally intertwined thinking they're [ __ ] this person.
Got you. Rather than having the frame of actually I get to help this person further. Yeah. And there's a lot of people seeing a lot of success as well as far as you know. Anyway, so with the committed coaches with Matt was one of the guys that I found committed coaches through. So it's like Matt's a good dude.
He doesn't he he doesn't he doesn't promote, you know, >> [snorts] >> bad stuff, bad coaches, bad people. So yeah, it's a it's everything is across the board is legit. So it's now it's That's where I come in, man. >> they don't do over 50 mil in a year if it's bad. >> [laughter] >> You know what I mean? Like >> Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Any sales rep that goes on to committed coaches and can't make money it is strictly because they're getting in their own way. That's it. That's why I'm like, "Oh, man." >> [snorts] >> Cuz there's a lot of guys, no joke, doing very, very well. So yeah. Well, bro, like I I've like transparently, right? Like I'm I'm a sales coach.
I help people learn sales, but then I help them get on to offers. I've put probably 15 guys on the committed coaches. Okay? >> [clears throat] >> Three of them have hit well over 10k months. Now they've pivoted, they've moved on to other offers. Mhm. The other 12, they had a mental stigma and couldn't get out of their own way.
And they made nothing. Like literally they made like [ __ ] all. They're great at sales. I got like you saw what I'm teaching. Like it's good stuff. Yeah. They couldn't get out of their own mental way. They couldn't get out of that block. Crazy. That's crazy. So that was that was guys that just came to you through one-on-one coaching and then you you said, "Hey man, committed coaches is a way to get reps in and and that's a that's an offer to run with.
" Yeah, bro. Like that's actually something. >> Yeah. One of my first clients like he his first month on committed coaches did like 10 grand. Man. Yeah. First month. And he had been running his own agency where to give you perspective he did 168 calls one month and didn't close a single deal. Wow. Wow. So he wasn't very good.
Yeah. But he doubled down, he got his skill set, he listened. Oh, so he was working he was working with you while he was also working with committed coaches and you were coaching and training coaching and training along the way. Yeah, bro. What's it take to do that with you? Um one sec.
Let me pause the recording so
