Hey, >> this meeting is being recorded. >> Hey Connor, how are you? >> Yeah, I'm good. >> Surprised to see you here. >> Yeah, first one of the year. >> Getting that Got to get on that that discount coaching, bro. >> Yeah, bro. >> It's >> good stuff. All right, Holden's coming in. [snorts] Sweet. Perfect.
Is that holding in? How are you guys finding the um how are you guys finding the sort of the videos, the coaching modules and stuff? Cuz um it's pretty extensive with like what Matt has on his um on his membership. >> Um do you mean in relation to you, Jack? >> No, no, just like Matt stuff like cuz you know obviously you get the you don't just get the meats, do you? You get like some form of education, do you not? >> Yeah, we get access to a notion module.
Yeah. Yeah. How do you find that? Is it is it beneficial at all or or anything you you would want to see more of or anything like that? >> Uh I haven't seen it in a second. Probably about a week, but last time I checked it, I think it was just the structure of it. There's a lot of knowledge. It's just navigating around it.
>> Okay. Well, I think >> Yeah. Go ahead. >> I I've just heard that um it's pretty good. I've heard that um saying that the the Patreon's a bit better structured according to Matt and that the YouTube one's a little not as structured. >> Yeah, that makes sense. The Patreon and um >> Go ahead. >> Yeah, there also seems to be some missing from the Patreon when you compare it to like what's in Discord YouTube.
There's like a bunch of videos that are unlisted. I can't access them. >> Okay, cool. Okay. Um, I can at least say for the fact that if if you're ever in a situation where there's a lot and maybe it's even a matter of structure. It really comes down to like um the way Matt structured it potentially is not that it's a wrote 0 to 100 A to Z.
It's like you go in and ident you should be able to identify your problem. And I think these meetings are good for helping you identify what your constraint is and then you can go to the education uh for it. uh or you know potentially before you discuss it on a meeting or outside of a meeting then you can go to the education try to find what you're looking for and then the knowledge will be there and valuable and then you can confirm it on the meetings but but cool I just wanted to get an idea around that um perfect so let's let
Philip in and we'll get uh we'll get cracking but Connor you were in the waiting room first so why don't you ask the first question >> um well mine's pretty specific cuz I um So, um I've got a interview coming up with one of your um private coaching clients on >> really >> Thursday.
Um cuz you probably know who he is. He's stepping into management. So, um >> Okay. >> Yeah. I won't say his name just cuz. Um and I've gone through his interview process and I know just because you've been coaching him on management. >> Yeah. >> Like would you have any specific advice for I'm hope you know in going through that? pretty pretty straightforward man with the way that I teach managers to interview is the the primary objective for an interview is to assess two things.
One is the commitment level and the other is the aptitude/trainability. the experience level. I always get across to managers that it's not as as important because uh so many people BS their experience. Uh or they'll wrap a label, they'll say, "I was on an account that was at a million a month when like that doesn't mean anything for the rep, but managers can maybe fall for that.
" >> Uh they can convey they sold something very expensive. You just don't know what they're willing to say. Whereas uh I always tell sales managers just like anyone uh interviewing someone is always go and look for show don't tell. Right? So as an interviewe you can reverse engineer that.
And it's like and you honestly want to be doing this in the right way. You don't want to be BSing because they'll see through that in other aspects but like uh if someone said to me okay you're going uh like they would ask me on an interview. They would say, "Okay, let's say that we sat down and we hired you and then uh I gave you the the script and I gave you some leads and I and I went away for three months.
When I come back, like what would I see?" The tell version of that for an interviewee would be saying, "Oh, I would be I would be so good. I'd make so many sales. I'd make sure you wouldn't even have to look out for like I would do all this stuff." Right. Right. And it's and it's just like a bit I think the fundamental problem with it is that it just assumes that the interviewer is going to believe you because you're telling them that you'll get this result.
Whereas the show version of that you could do in two ways. You could say well I would do it much the same that I have done in previous experience for other accounts where I did this this and this. So if you can use experience in that case where you would say not experience like oh I've sold these things but more specifically with a follow-up you'd say like um I regularly uh met my dial KPI every single day on on other KP on other accounts.
If you sold another account if it's a closing role it's like um I regularly ensured that I could that I was maximizing my show up rate with other accounts because I always made an effort to contact my prospects before the call. I always uh I had a clean system in the CRM to ensure that uh follow-ups didn't get left by the wayside and see these are like actual things that have happened as showing and in other case where you don't have experience doing it but you would you would be just tactical in the way that you explain it and you would say
>> oh okay um so if someone said that like I left you for 90 days what would I come back and see I'd say well I would make sure that outside of getting any advice of people that are doing that well already within your account uh I would make sure that my inbox box and my SOP for reaching out to all of my leads was a system and it wasn't just random.
I would also make sure that I go into all of the uh suppose like dead leads to do dead lead recovery and essentially all of the hustle muscle work inside of the CRM and not just essentially um you would see at the end of it that I'd uh I made a systematic system systematic effort to reach out to all of uh the dead leads uh all the no-shows that sales people aren't trying to get in contact with and I would just make sure I have a system around that so when you came back you would both see my process and the result of not just
meeting the the regular targets but exceeding them. And the way that you would convey that to the interviewer is not in an excited way. You just make sure you're saying it in a matterof fact way. Okay? Does that make sense? So it's just a bit of an example, but you don't want to tell them how good you are.
You want to show them and let them assess how good you are based on your process for anything with the with the manager. You know what I mean? Mhm. >> So I I if if you haven't done it, like experience is always going to trump it cuz like okay, this worked. But if you don't have the experience, you should get clarity on what you need to do and that's where like getting education around the right way to do something even before you've done it is important.
So say with if Matt has the education around it, you should understand like you know if you like you I know he has a great process around getting referrals, right? Just because it's what I use. So if someone in interview asked me how I did referrals and I don't do refer I haven't done referrals I would say this is the way that I would do it.
If I had done it I would say because I have I would say the way that I do it is this and explain instead of saying oh you know I'm actually really good at it like I get all of my clients to like get referral like get referrals off them all you know like follow up and stuff. See it's very wishy-washy brief. It's not very tactical and doesn't explain that you would actually do it and show that you have laser focus.
So I think those are the things if you can show clarity of thought in your interviews. Okay, clarity of thought. That's very important because we look for intelligent people. They don't have to be smart. I dropped out of school, right? But just clarity of thought that they would push. And the other uh and that's going to give this the interview a sign that you have aptitude and you're like, "Okay, this guy's not stupid.
He he'll be able to be trained." Cuz the biggest concern for a manager is that they're going to bring you on. Maybe you even have a good uh commitment level, but you're just not you just can't pick it up. >> Like, I'm going to be reviewing your calls. I'm going to be giving you the core review.
You're going to need to go work on it before our one-on-one. Then on our one-on-one, we're going to role play. I'd like to see the hockey like event. You don't have to be great in the after the first meeting, but I just want to see you getting better, right? And then I know that I I don't have to cut you loose early.
I can I can I can expect you to get into KPI within those 50 calls, right? So they need to see the aptitude and and and like I was intelligent in school but I dropped out. Why? Because I didn't care. >> So if you don't have commitment, you won't unlock your intelligence. You won't unlock your aptitude. So the interviewer needs to see that you want it in a you know but a calm but like very hungry manner to to and that's shown not by saying how much you want it but how much you're willing to do.
And that's that's kind of answered. If you ever hear a question from an interviewer that sounds like it's it's questioning your attitude, you just want to be honest and show what you would actually do. Uh that will test show your commitment and then the aptitude uh will kind of come through in the clarity of your thought and the intelligence of your answers.
You don't have to be genius. You just have to be honest. It should come out. When you don't try and you're just doing the right thing, it's way [ __ ] easy to go about job and life. Uh you'll get the job. everyone else is capping, telling you stuff and like I've been able to tell within like 2 minutes I'm not going to hire this person just cuz they're BSing whereas another guy will just try to will be humble probably a little shaking on the interview.
>> The amount of guys I've hired with no experience is insane and some of them were shaking on the interview >> but I'm like I see past it. I'm like it's just a moment for him but that's not what it's going to be like in two weeks if he gets the position. So, I can see past it and I can kind of see like um through that and see like this guy just really wants this job and I can see he's intelligent when he answers other questions and he gets away from the nerves a little bit cuz he's deep in answering a question and I can see put
two and two together and be like this is going to be a good fit over some guy that's just chest beating and telling you how good he's going to be and trying to show off. So, really try to be honest because uh it allows me. Last thing I'll say, if you're a 6 out of 10, but you're honest, I'm hiring you over an 8 out of 10 that's being dishonest cuz he's not an 8 out of 10.
He's making me think he is and he really thinks that I can't see it. >> So, just try to be yourself. Just try to be real honest and show and if you really want the job and you have done the work to try to make yourself a easier or better trainable salesperson, you'll do well in the interview. So, how to do well in an interview is really done before.
>> Does that answer your question? >> That was some very incredible insight. Actually, that was super helpful. >> I've also gone through his he's already put together like for other guys like a um well, he made it for a few other guys just like an interview prep for other roles.
So, I've gone through his own his own tips for other people to land offers. And so, um that's >> Don't worry, man. I have no idea who you're talking about because I I I'm coaching. Yeah, doesn't matter. It's all good. >> Perfect, man. It was a good question, though. I think it' definitely be valuable to people. But, uh, cool. Jess, do you want to ask a question? >> Um, yeah, I do.
First of all, Jack, I wanted to say that, um, I implemented the no-show advice that you gave. Um, so I brought >> Yeah. Revive more leads, which really helped. Um, and also, >> sorry, I just forgot. Um, yeah, so I did that, which really helped. What I wanted to ask you specifically is in regards to doing solo core reviews and also you mentioned dead lead recovery because I'm trying to >> work with the CRM cuz no one's really touched it.
>> Yeah. >> Yep. Okay, cool. So, in terms of solo core reviews, primarily you want to be doing gold standard if there's anyone doing better in your account, >> right? So, if you're not the top rep, you should be really listening to this. Uh, for example, with one of my one-on-one coaching clients the other day, I got him to send me two [clears throat] gold standard calls because he's like fourth in the leaderboard.
There's like 15 reps in this account. And he sent me the two calls from the top, the first and second best closer. And we and I really identified pretty quickly what's happening, but I was able to do that. And I think he's listened to the calls. He's pretty good. And I don't know how well he was able to identify uh what it was that was that was doing well.
But basically what I could get out of it is the the process. Like the tactical questions they ask, they can help. But if you're already doing pretty good, but if you're somewhere in the middle leaderboard, you're trying to ramp up or you're struggling, uh listening to gold standard calls can be a bit risky because you might not be able to identify what they're doing well.
But if you can focus your attention on something when listening to great calls, it's listen to the the broader you can go, the better. So don't listen to the tiny little questions he's asking. look at the direction he's going >> and that's dictated by >> really like what are the sort of the phases he's following >> right >> and and you might hear for example some accounts like for example this one they come in very light goal right very light in the way they ask it the first time and if the prospect doesn't give an emotional answer then they'll loop on it
right >> and then from there they go into uh they pretty much go straight into situation and in this case in this account they don't really get much problem, right? They don't really go for a heavy problem. And this is like Matt talks about, you don't need to go into all the tactics, like all the little details and nitty-gritty details about how bad their problem is and all the pain.
It's more so what are they doing to solve the problem. >> You can hear that in the questions. Like you need to think about like what's he trying to get here when you're listening to the calls, >> right? Like what is he trying to do? He's not really trying to spend time asking how painful it is. he's more so trying to clarify um what the guy's doing to solve the problem.
And I identified the reason for that is because he's really just as soon as possible within about 6 minutes trying to get the prospect to essentially say, "I've tried everything. It doesn't work. Therefore, I need something else." Right? >> And that's that's good logic. instead of spending all this time getting all this pain from this like maybe it's potentially more sophisticated person, he's heading very more efficiently going, okay, like you have this goal where you are now.
As soon as you hear something in in to the degree that you're not there, like, oh, I'm I'm trying to get to retirement in 5 years and my trajectory is just not heading there. Oh, why is that? These reasons doesn't go in all this pain. Just goes like why is it made important to you for you to fix it now? maybe get a bit of rationale behind that and then really looking to move into like okay what do you what's your process now for trying to get there and then getting like either a rationale question will eliminate that DIY or just hearing it
somewhere that the current process is not working so that they in that call after about six five minutes they spend really twothirds of the call in ideal criteria >> getting all this like nitty-gritty of what the person needs >> right and then they pitch for like literally like more than a third of the call. It's like a long pitch.
See, I could hear that on that call by listening to two gold standard calls from that account. And that's why I was able to convey that to the client. >> And then the client can cut out some of the fat he was doing where he was doing a bit of the opposite. He was uh going way too tactical into their current approach that hasn't worked like way too way too long.
Uh and not doing ideal criteria. I said, "You need to as soon as they It doesn't really matter why almost doesn't even matter why it's not working. It's just that it isn't. >> Just don't spend so much time in there. They don't they get they get sick of it. Like don't stop asking about their strategy. It's a trading offer. Like don't spend all their time asking about all this strategy.
Half the time they don't know. They're going to give you the wrong info. And like >> Yeah. >> And like it doesn't matter. They've admitted it. It doesn't work. >> Mhm. >> That's all that's all you need. Just get a rationale and try to get them to solve it and then move on. As I say, if you if you can sort of identify that that direction on the call from reviewing other people's calls, it's good for reviewing your own calls.
I really think that you have to be it it helps. It definitely helps, but listening to others is way better that are doing better. It it listening to your own calls does help for when you're probably already quite good and you're looking to optimize. like I listen to my PSO calls uh so that I can optimize like marketing and stuff like that and just see pain points and like oh this guy said the same thing.
How did I go saying that? But it's really just performative uh benefits reviewing like how I said something >> like what I sound like cuz I know what I said. I know the direction I was going. I know my process. It's more you go back and listen to your calls and maybe in the beginning you might cringe a little bit and how you're coming off and you'll see your low status.
Those are the things you might miss on the call. Uh, so listening back to him can help you kind of see how you conduct yourself, but I really just think listening to gold standard is is the uh the way to go, right? >> Yeah. How can I just ask uh Jack when you say find out what he's doing or what direction he's going in like? >> Yeah.
>> Yeah. What does that actually like mean specifically? >> So, okay. So if we look at a standard like off the script B TOC call we're looking at like go we look at like connecting phase situation questions problem awareness like that would you consider the direction right you could even get a little bit deeper than that it's like in situation >> how long does he spend asking about it and how and then how quickly does he get into problem >> right does he spend more time in problem getting three problems or does he move
through and just get to what are you doing to solve this big problem. Does he spend time getting how long is it going on? Like how long is it going on to me isn't like a big question in problem awareness? It's important, but it's it's more so part of the problem itself. It's more so like what is the problem? How long's it been going on, you know? >> Um but it's not like what's made it important for you to fix this problem.
Now, that's like a bit it's a bit of a direction change because you're kind of ending the phase. >> You're just let's talk about >> like the importance of solving it. you're probably not going to come back. So I look at the direction it's going as it as it pertains to moving to each phase >> on call.
So do they does like for the example this with this client they go >> they literally ask about three questions in in connecting about how long have you known about this person? What got you attracted to them? Oh interesting what's got you interested in that? Then goal. >> Mhm. >> Right. Then situation [clears throat] not very long. Not very long in problem.
Ideal criteria is quite a while. And then uh then they pitch and they spend the rest of the call like literally doing this longass pitch. That's like a direction and speed and of phases. That's what you should be listening to for gold standard for other people and looking at your offer and looking at your process and going like what am I doing now that doesn't align with that? What is the most significant difference between mine and theirs? Like I get too much in the weeds with problem and uh not enough on ideal criteria.
Those big levers are what's going to give you a big change. And then you know changing little ways that you ask questions can help, but it's not as big of a difference. You want to look for everyone has their own style. Sure. But it's usually like that that direction and what's discussed and what's not discussed as much is if it's working, which is validated by the fact that the rep is doing very well in their gold standard.
If it's working, it's because it matches the avatar. Like the avat like for example, if you're if you're selling to more sophisticated people, they have unfulfilled desire and not so much pain, which is like I'm already doing well. I want to do better and I can't really work out how to get to that next level. >> That would make sense that you would have that process where you don't spend forever in problem.
You're more talking about how we're going to get you to the next level, >> right? >> That's that's that the process matches. Not like the way you go. You sound confused in the way you ask the question. Like you can't you could try to ram your like super like emotional problem like low lower ticket, high ticket, B TOC, NPQ style on some sophisticated person.
It doesn't matter how well you ask the question. If you're asking the wrong questions, those that's going to be a problem. And that's why when you review the calls uh of gold standard, you want to work out what are they focusing on in the process like what's the what's spent more time on right and then with your process you need to look at it and go what is my biggest marked difference between mine and theirs and really try to uh taper in on theirs.
And then when it comes to when you're near that, then you can review your own calls against gold standard and go like again like how do I sound compared to that and a bit of the frame thing. It's like some reason you a lot of sales people just don't pick up on how they're coming off, how they're perceived.
And I think that's a big benefit of listening to your own calls. >> Okay. >> You know what I mean? >> Thank you. Yeah. >> Cool. Um, any other questions on that before I go to the follow-up one or the the the other question you had? >> Uh, not on that. I think I spoke with Saxon about it before. Um, but that really helps. Thank you.
>> Okay, cool. And then just real quick, what was your second question? >> So, the question I I mentioned was dead lead recovery. If anything, >> if just to give context, Jack, so pretty much >> um it's CRM optimization >> um on a >> the CRM hasn't really been touched and I want to leverage it.
I know we spoke at no shows, >> but you know what I mean? I hope that makes sense. So, so yeah, you just want to you want to really look at if you look at all if you're a closer and you go into the CRM and you look at all the leads that are really it's really all of them, but you probably want to the first step you want to do is obviously look at all the type the statuses of all the leads that are in your CRM and start to really triage the most important one, the most lucrative ones, right? So, in some cases, like if your account
allows you to do your own outbound setting or like from optins, that could potentially be far more lucrative than like a 40-day old no-show, >> right? >> Mhm. even though they're not they haven't been set yet, you really want to work out what's the criteria for what makes one more valuable because even though an opt-in hasn't yet been booked, they they you know, often times for a B TOC account, like the opt-in is actually way higher leverage than calling your no-shows.
So, for example, I've had I've managed accounts where the first activity once a closer finishes their bookings or gets a no-show is to not follow up with their no-show like crazy because they just didn't come back was to uh set their own appointments. >> Okay? >> Right? So, that's like the that's like your your opt-ins.
That's like top of funnel, >> right? And then you can start to work down to like, >> you know, they had a conversation with a setter but weren't booked and they're not going to get followed up with. That's next. So, you should have activities in your day where you come in and you go, "Okay, here's my bookings. No show actions on no show. Call optins.
No optins. Call day twos. No day twos. Call day threes. No day threes. Call day fours. Then you don't call day fives maybe because the pickup rate just drops to zero." And you go to people who had a conversation with a setter before but haven't been spoken to in a week. Right? If there's none of those, move to your next activity, which is all uh seven-day old no-shows or more between just around like within seven days, say.
If there's none of those, go to your 14 days. If none of those, go to your 30 days. If none of those, go to your uh follow-ups like dead lead recovery where the closer just has a fake follow-up after 7 days or something. Call and then call those and then call the next ones. You should just have a list which is just an order of priorities based on which ones are the most lucrative for your time, right? And after a while, if you could actually systemize it, if you really think about it, if you if you marked in your end of day journal or something like that, that
at like 12 until uh 1, >> you only called say uh opt-ins and day ones and day twos. If you booked one appointment out of that, you could literally work out what your commission per hour is for that activity or that lead source. So, you could say uh whenever I call optins day ones and day twos, in that case, maybe that guy was just a day was just an opt-in, but it's still like it could have come from the other one if you did it enough days.
But often day one and day two, uh you made a sale there from calling someone up and you booked them in for yourself and closed them. You can work out, well, that gives me this. >> Mhm. And you know that get that like every like every hour I do of of of uh my own self setting gets me like whatever it is you know >> uh and then whatever like you could do two hours of calling no shows and and book two people in >> and none of them buy.
You just need to do it a bit more. One of them buys. Okay, cool. You work out that it literally took you uh two hours to get one sale, >> right? So if you got $1,000 commission, how much what's your hourly rate? you get $500 because you did two hours for $1,000. >> Okay, >> you get 500 bucks. So, and then you can rank which ones make you more money and then prioritize them and start uh and start prioritizing what is the because it's a gold mine.
You want to identify where are the parts of the gold mine that are going to give you more work for your sweat and then and then go into it. >> Yeah. Thank you, Jack. I guess what I was trying to do is be a hero and like cuz status like no one it hasn't been touched and it like even with statuses and stuff.
So I was like okay I'll go in and fix everything but by the sounds of it no just focus on one thing at a time. >> Yeah. You just want to do what I said really. You just want to go in and and >> and hit uh new leads. >> Hit day ones day twos day threes. Hit no shows. Hit follow-ups. Get referrals. like just just in the beginning start wide and for your account you'll identify because I can't see in your CRM you'll identify where there is money and where there is no money >> and where there's no money just just move your efforts to think cuz one hour
of work on something that's lucrative could be more higher commission per hour than 4 hours on something that just doesn't but you don't want to get you want to hustle muscle definitely lean towards hustle than let than being too smart for your own good but you definitely don't want to just push a wall when you should be just be doing uh the right type of follow-up. Cool.
>> Yeah. Thanks, >> Perfect. All right. Sweet. Let's go to uh Holden, bro. What's going on? >> So, a while ago, you I'm with committed coaches, just so you have some context. Um you said the center of gravity for uh sophisticated buyers, getting them to admit that they can't do it without you. >> Yeah. Yes. In a way, yes.
>> I'm just wondering, >> it's the first step. It's the first step. Yeah. Go ahead. But what's like the center of gravity for like an unsophisticated buyer, right, that's like overweight, wants to lose the weight. Um, because I just want to make sure that I'm focusing on the right part of the call. >> What's what what's the pain? Then it's just pain, >> right? But it depends.
It's like, okay, so it's pain, >> but that's just the first step. You really want to look at imagine [snorts] three diamonds >> unsophisticated people. The first one is pain, >> right? Only once pain is is prevalent in the core can you achieve the second diamond which is uh limiting beliefs removed. >> Mhm. >> Right.
Because you can't you no one's like what do they say uh you need to be cured of your stubbornness through disappointment. So people won't question their limiting beliefs until they're in enough pain. So once you get enough pain then you can head into phases like objection finding and start asking like why they haven't done anything about it to why they haven't done anything to get to their goals.
Whereas if you try to do that as soon as you jump in the call or without enough problem or pain, then they won't admit it. They'll be like, "Oh, yeah, but there's like loads of scams." Right. >> Their current pain that they're actually in or the pain of them not achieving their goal. >> No, the current pain they're in to be motivated to make a change.
>> Yeah. And then and then more so like the pain they're in right now. And then the unsophisticated people, it's more going to be the you don't go so much into quote unquote pain. But sophisticated people, it's more about what they're not going to achieve and the FOMO of that. So you can call that what you want, pain, what have you.
But with an unsophisticated person, you want to get the dissatisfaction with their current situation, >> right? The reason for it, which is the cause, and the effect is the pain. And then you can start removing limiting beliefs. This is like the second diamond, right? Which is why do you feel like you know like what what have you been doing to solve the problem? Nothing. Why is that? I lost motivation.
Okay. Hey, can I make a suggestion to you? Should we really rely on motivation as opposed to a process that we can rely on like you know what I mean? >> So they bought a supplement and the marketing more or less told them like >> this is going to solve all that problem. >> If you're if we are talking committed by the way that process that that process is very simple with committed it's just you you get problem up to the degree they're willing to admit it then don't try and fight these like 60 70 year old people on problem. They just literally
don't admit it that they haven't they will like just circle around it forever. All you do is pivot to solution and you just go, "Okay, let's just like say like where do we want to be?" Like where how do we want to look? What do you look like when you stand on the scale and you look in the mirror? Like how do you feel? I feel so good. I look like this.
Okay. And what do you feel like that person does differently? >> Yeah. >> That's really allowing them to be where they are and and like you know what do they do differently? And the person's like, "Oh, they never cheat on their diet. They they never do this. They never do that." That's them admitting what they're not doing now and taking accountability for it in a reverse manner, right? So, do you see what I'm saying? >> Yeah.
>> They they they just they're just a little bit stubborn when you admit problems sometimes. >> If they do admit it, great. If they don't, you just have to reverse engineer it with solution and get them to lay out like uh reverse engineer it with desire and tell them like what let's have a look at like where you want to be, what that person does differently and they're going to tell you uh what they're not doing.
Now then the big thing is you'll see with like Godwin what he was doing is you really just need to um you need to connect with them so deeply on an identity level. >> Mhm. >> Right. And you need to identify what type of person are they? Like is it the grandma that wants to grow old with the grandkids and be there and and that's where you can be like okay well you know I understand you know you as a as a grandma like you're kind of the I guess the matriarch right like you got to overlook everyone make sure they're they're taken care of and often times
you're putting yourself second right and the like yeah and you're like okay and can I ask a you know a personal question? Yeah go ahead. Are you are you open to the idea that for you to really be able to put your family first for the next 20 years that you might need to put yourself first for a, you know, a short period of time and actually, you know, like put yourself first.
You open to that? And the person's like, "Yeah, yeah, I am." And then you question it. You're like, "No, but seriously, I get it, but are you really open to it?" And you slow down and they're like, "Yeah, I I I am." And okay, why do you feel like you are, though? And then get them to start rationalizing why often times with the female older prospects in that case of that avatar, you need to really connect with who they are and get them to put themselves first because it's often times why they don't do it or with their partner if they if she's like worried
about being more attractive for her husband and she's older. You need to get her to like put herself first that so that the family can be taken care of and >> all that good stuff. You need to connect with them on an identity level and you really need to focus on massive emotional pull on the northstar dream outcome especially if you run into stubbornness.
Uh and then um you'll find that your calls like I saw for months and months and months uh Godwin and other guys doing really well their calls are 30 minutes and they barely get objections. Then you got these other people like 50 minutes with all these objections and they don't make a sale.
It's like a five pay you know. So you really want to make sure Matt's the guy like how he talks about it is like it's really not a lot about the problem. It's more about the pull of the dream outcome and connecting on an identity level and start labeling and doing stories and stuff like that as opposed to really trying to do the that that's there is a way of selling fitness where they're just like hard accountability and you're like you know making him like admit all this [ __ ] and it just doesn't it doesn't work that well on committed from what I've seen.
>> Yeah. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Yeah. Do you have any questions on that? >> No, it's pretty clear. I'm going to go try and, you know, get better. >> Okay, cool. Uh, awesome. Philip, you have any questions? >> Uh, yeah. Okay. Can you hear me? >> Yep. >> Okay, cool. Uh, so I am in like home remodeling sales.
Uh, the leads are from like canvasing, like door knockers. We mostly do like uh uh like roofs and paint and coating and this kind of stuff. Um so I go through my whole pitch uh like my whole process with with the company. I do like an inspection and then a report and then I pitch them and like nine times out of 10 I get a lot of like okay wow you guys seem really good.
Everything seems real great. um you know, I didn't even know that this was a problem, you know, so you're the first bid that I've gotten and so I'm just going to need to um compare bids. um you know like our company the process that we're like really pushed hard to do a one call close model >> and uh like even like manufacture a certain amount of like fake urgency like there's a deal today you got to move forward you know and >> like a lot of times um >> if I really push that then people are like they they they feel like
>> what are you what are you doing like I thought what this is feel starting to not feel good you know and then um >> yep Yeah, my Yeah, I'm just my my close rate is not high enough and like a lot of like got to compare bids kind of thing. >> Okay. And how long is your process? The inspection >> uh the I would say the inspection part is probably like 15 20 minutes and then the the pitch is probably like another it ends up being like another 15 20 minutes and then >> you do those separate >> or is it back to back like
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's all it's all like I'll be at a house for like an hour or sometime. >> Yeah. So your discovery is 15 minutes, your pitch is 15 minutes. What about this report? What's that about? Is that What is that? >> Uh, I mean just like, you know, I'm like taking pictures of their roof. I'm taking pictures of whatever kind of things I see.
I talk talk about like the issues that it's going to cause and I'll like talk to them about it. Um, and yeah. >> Okay. And then after the um after the pitch, just walk me through the duration and what phase you cover. What do you do next? After the pitch, you just try and close them >> pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. like I go through the pitch, I talk about the the company and and then like and I don't real reveal price until you know after the pitch and then you know >> uh the goal is to like throughout the time that I'm with them before have a
certain amount of price conditioning. >> Let's start from the epistemic potentially the epistemic problem. What's what's your discovery process? Walk me through the questions you ask them. How do you approach the >> and you do this in in person you saying? Sorry. >> This is all this is all in person, correct? So, yeah, walk me through the questions you ask.
>> Uh, yeah. So, I'll be like, "How long have you owned this home?" >> Uh, sorry. Uh, it's like 4 in the morning. Uh, it's I'll ask him like, "How long have you owned the home?" Like, "What kind of work have you done in the past? What's your past experiences with contractors? What was good? What was not good?" Um uh and like >> super important.
>> Well, I mean what like I will uh it's the discovery is more like trying to find things wrong with a house and and like like that. I mean that's inspection. Yeah. Like >> what what Yeah. What are those questions? Not the questions like what's your background working with companies that do it? Like what do you what do you ask? Uh, I mean it's it's more like actually looking at the house and taking in like, okay, how come you haven't handled this before? for like how long you you want you want you're like going
to keep avoiding this and like and then I start I talk about like issues that are going to happen with the house if they don't if they don't take action you know and but then at the end they're like wow this is thank you so much um this I'm now I'm really going to take action on it but you know I I got to compare bids you know I'm like Okay, >> [ __ ] them.
>> If if look, I can't tell because you're just telling me the questions, they sound okay. You want to make sure you're executing them well that like the questions when you finally got to like the problems you're asking to to raise their awareness of the problem. The only other thing you could be doing there is just using a bit of like um a raising their awareness that everyone else in the street has done it because they're all responsible, >> right? And it's an identity thing.
That's where you get the identity seller selling that stuff, right? But um you want to be look if you're doing indeed doing all these things correctly then you should what are you doing to objection handle when they say it like what do you do anything? Do you say okay cool go shop around for prices or what do you do? No, no.
I'll like end my presentation uh and like before I'll be like, "Okay, like based off of the the what we went over my the process in our company, you know, what sort of questions can I answer? You know, how do you how would you feel good about moving forward?" Like this kind of thing. >> And they're like, >> just stop there for a sec.
>> Cut that. Don't ask the prospect at the end of the pitch. Sure. You can say like, "Okay, that process that that I walked through, do you have any questions around the process specifically?" >> You can ask that. And see I say process twice. So I guess that that process of how we'd help you solve X problem and get to X uh outcome.
Do you have any questions around that process specifically? >> Mhm. >> And they say this that and the other. You want to keep them contained within the offer? That's all they really need to ask questions about. Right? Don't fish for question. Say there anything is there any questions I could answer for you. >> It sends their brain off looking for problems >> that don't matter because your pitch covers the only things that matter, >> right? So don't so just make sure you solve for that.
Uh the other thing it really can come through that but you do you guys feel like I guess based on that if we were to help you get do that and solve this problem uh do you feel like that do you feel like that would help? Do you feel like that would be the answer for you? You cover that and then from there when you go for the order when you ask for the order if they say they're going to shop around then you then you start needing to go into twoprong.
One is you can go for the more direct approach is are you ultimately looking for the cheapest option or the option that's going to get you the best result, >> right? You can go for that >> or you can go for the less if you want to play the long game, right? which typically works like a lot if you execute it well is to ask them okay is you play a hypothetical and you do conditions of satisfaction which is you go okay it's no problem I hear you want to make sure you [snorts] get the the best price obviously assuming right like just so we're clear assuming that you
get the same level of quality right like I'm sure you wouldn't be wanting to pay less to get less and then your house wouldn't be as as safe whatever it is right the person like yeah yeah of course I want to get the same thing you you you selling but for the for the less price.
Okay, let's play pretend for a second and say, you know, you do go around and you and you you see other other I guess companies uh and and ultimately, you know, they offer something less and it is cheaper like what will you do from that point? >> And the person's like and then you'll see if they're like, "No, I would come to you.
" then you can uh then you can book a follow-up and go meet up with them again and try to get the date when they're actually going to do it because a lot of these people are not going to do it. They don't have the clarity over when they're going to go to speak to other companies. They were never going to and that will tell you that it was not really an ob it wasn't really a real objection.
You'll say, "Okay, and and just roughly so I know, just to put it in my diary, uh roughly when would you be looking to speak to other companies uh to identify a cheaper price?" And they're like, "Oh, um uh" and they're just going to make it up right there and then cuz they're never going to do it. They're like, and you can actually get them to start doing it.
>> They'll be like, "Oh, okay. We're going to call a few companies uh next month >> and you like, okay, not a problem." And just so I understand like what do you feel might be the reason why you you would you would take a month to to speak with those companies, assuming that like, >> you know, it's a phone call away type of thing for those other companies.
And the person's like, "Oh, well, you know," and and then you can go at that point if they're like, "I don't know." That's when you can finally get it out. and we both admit that it was like BS. It was value and go, okay, can I make a suggestion to you? Yeah. If this if this ultimately, you know, how you said before XY Z reason these things are important to you, this is this is important for you to solve.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I remember. Okay. Okay. Well, ultimately, if you feel like that's the case, suggestion I make is that, you know, it's only a phone call away and those companies, you know, potentially you could have a discussion with those people this week and then next week we could have a discussion over if you found someone and if you did and it was cheaper and it was the same service, then ultimately we can, you know, shake hands and part ways.
But if you weren't able to identify someone, then we can have a further discussion and then from there that way you're actually uh you know, god forbid moving closer to solving this problem, right? So you actually create like a more of a long-term plan. It's just like real estate. >> Like you're not going to one call close a lot of people in real estate, right? >> But what you can do and what separates people because everyone's trying to sell my parents house.
They all knock on the door to try to sell my parents house and it's just like all of them are so needy for the one call close. They don't create a plan with the person and get the the sale on followup. >> And Matt would even admit it that the 90% close rate doesn't come from uh from one call closing. It comes from incredible follow-up.
And that comes from if they don't buy on the first meeting, then it's it's being in their corner and helping them and being a bit of a planner saying like, "Go speak to those companies this week, we'll speak next week." and they they they they either won't speak with the companies next week >> or they do and don't find something as good, but at least you've got it in the books and they and they say they say, "Yeah, we'll speak to them.
" Okay, great. Say, "Okay, cool. Now, what I can do >> so that it helps." Don't go if can I please say what I can do just so it helps is I can just put it in my diary 7 days from now. Uh just to, you know, make sure that you're in the best position. You've either found that company or not. We can have a further discussion.
Would that be appropriate? Yes. And then you can go and I would go back to these people and follow up and just go back and say how did it go for you? And you can just close these people in two because your company saying you need a one call close or nothing. I'm sure they have some story behind it. I would hope they at least have some story behind it, some excuse, but ultimately I could have um half like I could like not close as many people in the first first meeting but close almost everyone on the second or third, >> you know, [clears throat] and as long as
it doesn't clog up my day speaking to new new people, it's a net benefit overall, >> you know. um >> you really have to you have to consider because if you're working in commoditized uh offers like I have clients that are in like say real estate >> right education services different real estate offers and potentially these people think they're going to go shop around but the difference maker is how well you conduct the discovery how custom it feels compared to every other company doing the same thing >> and then the pitch needs to feel custom
which is old way old result new way new result it needs to feel like it's it sounds like it's for doesn't just sound like what our company does, >> right? >> It's like going most people out there trying to get goal they said they wanted >> they're doing these problems or things they're doing right now >> right and because of that they face these consequences which is what they're going to face.
So what we do instead is new way and the reason why we do that is new result and you do if you can do that in a clear way there's like maybe two to three pillars of what you do for the people >> right that feels congruent based on discovery it's lock and key discovery and pitch and then when you do the presentation you just ask if they have questions over the process only not random questions then when you go for the order you have a process for objection handling and identifying is it value is it is it just um they want to do uh competitor analysis
if they do, yeah, you can try to handle it and say, "You going for the cheapest one?" Or they go, "No, we're going to go for good. We're going to try to find." It's easy. It's too easy to overcome trying to battle that. So, what I've found with all the clients I have that that they do have a commoditized offer is to have had a great call and then have even better follow-up because most sales reps suck at creating a follow-up sale.
is going, "What's the plan for you next week to go and identify the other companies >> and what happens if you don't find them? What will you do then?" Because what it will tell you is if they're tire kickers. Cuz even if they'll say, "If we don't find anyone, uh, you know, sort of doing it every day, if we don't find anyone in two weeks, we're just going to keep looking.
" I'm like, "Okay, how long will you look for >> until you decide that it's more important to solve the problem than it is to find something $200 cheaper?" >> And the person be like, "Yeah, that's a good point." I'm like, yes, suggestion I make is like, yeah, fair enough. Like, have a look for 2 weeks and at that point, like, call it if you can't find it because ultimately there's there's a way up of like find like saving 200 and and ultimately solving this problem, right? >> Mhm.
>> So, you're meeting the person in the middle and then you can meet them in a week and close them because if they got no one else to go to, they're going to go to you. >> And then you get to the real objections on that second meeting, then they're going to come out and say, "Oh, we're just thinking, is it actually going to do this?" I'm like, "Okay, you could have said this on the first meeting.
You're not going to say this to them, but they're going to come out with all these little rationalizations. That just means they're like one one inch from buying. You say, "Yep, we do this, this, and this. Yep, we do this, this, and this." >> They'll they'll ask you questions. You don't have to ask them if they have any questions around broadly everything.
Uh, and then you'll close them. And it's it's closing from tension over time, not pressure on one call. >> Do you know what I mean? >> Yeah. >> So, that's the process. I' I'd have to be here for an hour to listen to all of your processes, but you just want to make sure your discovery is solid. It's lock and key with your pitch.
Your follow-up is not just smash pressure. It's it's asking them questions that basically get them to admit that they were just never going to do it. >> Mhm. >> And then following up uh every week, always forever like Ryan Sirhan did. Followed up every week for six years and closed two $1 million deals and made like 500 grand in commissions.
So, he got paid or whatever or more than that. I think he got paid he followed up with one person for six years and then closed and he got a million dollars in commission or something like that cuz the property was like [ __ ] hundred million. So, he got is a million over six years. Do the math. What is that? He got paid 300 grand a year to get told no every week, >> you know? So, it's just follow up.
It it it it'll it does have its benefit. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's helpful. Yeah. cuz Yeah, I'm good. Thank you. >> Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Cool. Perfect. Um, awesome. We still have uh 10 minutes. Any closing points? >> Would you put that grandma like identity frame after you future paste them? >> Uh, uh, it's a good question.
So, I would It's It's with identity. It's not pasted in. >> Uhhuh. It's it's weaved in where you can. Now, if if we're sort of thinking, okay, Jack, but is it like right at the top of the call, right at the end of the call? >> It's typically you start doing it after you've tried to get problem >> because that way you're not you're not like taking them out of pain and putting them back in problem.
So, you head into the call like logistics like have we got this address right? Oh, what are you really looking for at this stage of your life? >> Get goal. >> Okay. What are you doing now to get there? this thing not working. Why is that problem? Right? Once you get enough pain and problem, then you can start being pretty obvious with asking where they want to be.
Like you're you're doing a second loop back onto goal because you're not going to spend forever on goal and then go problem. You just get like a light goal just enough so that we can talk about something you don't have problem. Then when you come out of problem and pain, then you can start going like what would life be like? What does that person do differently? >> How important is that to you? to be that person, you know, like and try to find your way in when they're talking about their goals, like when it comes to um getting uh to this dream
outcome, like why is that important to you? They're probably going to give you a family answer. As soon as you find it, >> ask him like, "Why is it important for you to be that person?" As soon as you get family, >> uh with the older types, you really want to uh double down on it and say like, "How would he feel if you got that goal? How would she feel? How would your family look at you? And just cook and try to give the call a ton of real estate >> with identity.
just try to increase the surface area that identity is talked about uh in the call and make it a bit of a narrative, >> you know, like it just keeps coming up like oh yeah well just goes back to that point you said holding right about um >> you know like if I was to sell you sales coaching or something I would say like oh yeah well it goes back to that point you said right about congruence >> between uh like you said that you felt like you know uh you ultimately had some issues trying to get clients to commit to higher price points Right. It's like
if you're able to commit to yourself with sales coaching, um, then it's easy for you to do it with your prospects, right? >> Yeah. >> And then now it's going to make you like uncomfortable to object on the price at the end >> in this in the call. So, it's like you're going to do it with the prospects. Find a way in.
what type of behaviors connect with the winning identity of someone that's at their weight goals with someone that buys, which is for example like ultimately you want to be there to to you know to be there for your family. >> So you ultimately feel like if you can be there for yourself, it makes it easy for you to then serve your family better, right? And now there's like this gravity and weight on them being there for themselves and putting themselves first, which is very much inclusive of it's very much relates to buying it.
Like committing to yourself and coaching means committing to yourself with your weight means committing to your family and it all just ties in. >> So finding finding it where it's it's organic in the call and making comments about it and getting and asking them and and getting confirmation really after problem.
>> Okay. And then would you like bring them back down with like consequencing pretty hard? Like what happens if you're never able to be this person that you said that you wanted and then you said >> see identity identity with with committed coaches identity consequence is going to be way more than like just health.
>> Yeah. >> I found like the maybe it's an American thing just maybe it's just the age demographic but like they have way more consequence of identity based COI than they do off like healthbased COI. Yeah, >> it requires them. It requires them when you go on the weight one and the health one, it requires them to then make another step in their brain of going if I'm not healthy, I won't spend time with my family.
Whereas if you go [clears throat] like you being you just say like you being in a position health-wise where you just can't spend time with your family, it makes them feel what do old people not want to be? They don't want to die alone. >> Yeah. So if you if you do identity based COI which is you won't be the family person then it's going to help them a lot more see the importance of committing to themselves.
>> Yeah. And sometimes I've been asking like you know let's say you lose the weight. Who would be the first person you'd call? And sometimes they just say like oh I wouldn't call anyone. I'm doing this for myself. And then would you it'd be better to go into like who would that person look like in the mirror? >> Yeah.
Yeah. Who would that person be? Like what how would you feel about yourself? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. How would you feel going around town? Like what would you do? I would go to I would actually start horse riding. I've always wanted a horse ride. >> Okay. You love horses. Yeah. Oh, what horse would you ride? >> I want a this horse. Okay.
What color is it? Oh, black. Nice. How would it feel? Like, you know, maybe getting a photo of you, you know, riding like where would you ride it? Oh, in Colorado. Like imagine that. Like how would that feel, dude? >> They don't want to let go of that. >> They don't want to let go of that. Go to consequence.
What happens if you don't? >> They don't want to let go of that. You need imagery and and identity and then and then you're you're going to be gold. You if you do this 20% better than you're doing now, >> you're definitely going to make more sales. >> Yeah. Right. Thank you. Cuz I feel my biggest thing is like I get people at the end but they don't say like money aside, do you feel like this would do it? And like 50/50 is like yes, I think this is the other 50 say no.
And I think it's because I'm not part. >> Yeah. Yeah. A big one is a big one is just like you got to make them feel that ultimately if they don't commit to themselves, they're losing what they want. Whereas a lot of the time I hear calls and committed and it's just like you're for it's like they're trying to force them to do the right thing and lose weight.
They don't care about that that you they need to feel like they're not getting what they want. >> Not they're not doing the right thing. That's the difference. >> Um big data bro. What's going on? What do you you got any questions? You got five minutes. All for you. >> Been trying to join for the last hour, man. >> A [ __ ] >> Um >> okay.
>> Yeah. Um, just to give you some context, I'm currently working on Darcy. I think you know Darcy his offer with the cyber security career change. >> Yeah. Bank. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yes. I'm currently working on that. At the moment I'm setting, but I'm slowly transitioning into uh really soon. >> Nice. >> And I've been listening to a lot of the calls, a lot of the calls from some of the closers as well on the offer.
And the question I had was I also watched one of your videos is like probing like how you probe and I I found like probing really like I'm good with doing probing, right? >> Y >> but the part I get stuck with is probing and staying on track and being productive in it for the call. >> Okay.
So are you saying like you feel like you get you get to a point where you can't assess whether it's >> relevant >> for you to probe? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. >> So >> well that >> that's really just going to come down to you only probe as a means to achieve the objective of the question which is for example if I say um what are you doing now to to actually get the skills so that you can get to 50k a month? Did you sell a bisop or is it it's cyber security? Okay.
What are you doing now so that you can ultimately get the skills to uh increase your income? And they're like, uh nothing. Why is that? >> These [clears throat] reasons. Okay. And I guess like how long have you been I guess not doing anything about that? >> These the reasons. Okay. And what do you feel like it's going to take for you to go from research mode to I guess doing mode? This. Okay.
And what do you feel like you've lost in that time by not ultimately, you know, sort of doing what he needed to do to go from research mode to doing mode? Whatever it is to to go from research mode to doing mode is probing and clarifying. You should be going off what they said, >> not asking new random probes, >> right? >> You can go as long as it's relevant.
If I go once I get what is it, how long's it been going on, and why is it the case, >> there's no there's no new different probing questions to ask. You should just be going into like, okay, once you've got those it in problem, what is the problem? How long's it been going on? >> How's that felt? Why? What's changed? That's pretty much all you need in that phase.
But there is there is situations like in objection finding >> where you're going to ask a lot. And you're and you're really you've got but your logic for whether or not you've asked too many probing questions >> is have you achieved the objective of the question, which is to >> what you need to know the objective. So, for example, it's like uh in objection finding, it's identifying things that have held them back from committing to solutions like ours in order for me to identify the objections he will have to a solution like ours.
>> So, I've got to work out what has he done in the past? Why hasn't he done something? What aversions does he have to continuing? And for him to essentially overcome those, I need to progress some consequence. If you do it my way at the end of objection finding, what have you lost? What will you lose? And what type of mindset shift you need to have moving forward >> like you would have heard in that Navidid review.
So again, it really comes down to where in the call we're talking about, >> what what the objective is of the question and if their answer like if once you know the objective of the question, like identify their problem, >> you know what a good answer sounds like. Is it an an inprincipal agreement? Like an explicit answer like I have this problem and yes, it's impactfully painful. That's like a perfect answer.
>> Is it a mediocre answer? Cuz that one doesn't need any probing by the way. That the [clears throat] media is a mediocre answer. Well, you know, I've just been feeling like a little bit stressed. What would you say in that situation? Well, what there's no perfect answer. There's many you could ask. What would you potentially if I said I'm just feeling a little stressed? What would you say? So, what what makes you feel like you're feeling stressed? >> Okay.
And then I give you um Oh, um I can't I I really struggling to pay the bills. Um yeah, I'm just really struggling to pay the bills. What can you do with that? That would probably help a lot on your offer. >> It's real. >> Um >> it's two words. >> I got two question. >> Yeah, go ahead. >> I got two words. Okay. Um, >> why is that? >> Why is that? Yeah.
>> Uh, because my job doesn't pay enough. Okay. How long have you felt that way? >> Yeah. >> Um, how long has it been? How long has it been the case? The whole time. Okay. Well, what's shifted for you recently that's made you feel like doing something about this? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> He's c it's cooked.
He's The objective of the call is to sell them into a new career path. >> All I need you to do is admit your job doesn't pay enough. It's painful and it's important to solve now. >> What else do I need to get? You know, >> I don't need to spend so much time like tell me about your day at the like why is it what else is wrong with >> it doesn't really matter your objective on that's like it it creates a tight call like all your objective is on the call is to go like okay [clears throat] I want to get this guy to commit to a new career path. All I need him to do is
to leave his current job behind by admitting that there's a problem. >> Yeah. >> Right. right? Holding him back from getting to his goal. That's all you need. See, because I know the objective of the whole course is to sell them into a new career path. When I'm in problem, it's a bit clearer over how much probing I need to do, you know? Yeah.
>> And [clears throat] honestly, keeping it light. Yours yours was good. You made the right decision, >> right? >> Uh you made the right decision around what to what to ask, but I can tell it's normal for like everyone is you're potentially leaning towards your questions being too long. you're doing full sentence questions which is like when you say this what do you mean by that or uh when you say stressed how do you mean so why so you don't need to do that catch them when they're in the middle of saying it >> yeah rapid like
>> why is that oh how so you know what I mean and what it's going to get them to do is they stay in the state they were talking and it stops them talking themselves out of it too you go oh um what's your problem right now I'm feeling stressed when you say stress. What do you mean by that? It it allows too long and he has to process the question.
When he said stress, he goes, "Oh, why stress?" And he goes, "Well, >> my job doesn't um my job doesn't pay enough." Uh because, you know, it's just a lowpaying job and and really that's where you should be cutting in because you could go and really but sometimes it's not too bad and some weeks I get bonuses.
You don't want him talking his way out of it. So as soon as you hear enough because you know the objective of the question, you know what a good answer is, you know what an average answer is, you know what a [ __ ] answer is. As soon as you hear enough to achieve the what you need from that question, >> just pro move on. Oh, okay.
How long's that been going on? >> Move on. You got enough. >> You know what I mean? >> So it it really all comes down to to finally answer your question again. How do I know I've probed enough? Know what a great [clears throat] answer is to in that call. And the only way you know what a great answer is if you know what the objective of the question is.
What is a great answer for me to get to me to move on? Then I don't need to ask random other questions because I saw some guru doing it on YouTube and I feel like I need to ask that and add that to my script. Most of the time with anything just like Elon Musk design principle. The first step in making something more efficient or faster is removing.
You don't need to ask as much. >> You just need to ask more relevant questions. What is it? How long? How's it feel? Go. Yeah, you know, cuz something I've been doing with my setting calls is like listening back to the calls. >> Just wait, Connor. >> Yeah, I saw your comment. I'll tell you something in a sec. Go ahead, David.
>> Oh, okay. I was going to say I've I've been listening to my calls and look listening to my questions and then asking myself, how could I make that question shorter to get what I need with my call reviews? >> Yeah, it's often times like it just with the timing of it. It's like, does it listening back and going, did I really get anything new from that? with that and asking yourself, dude, another thing is when you get a when you ask a question that's say how is that benefiting this call? >> How am I going to use that later?
>> Yeah. >> As opposed to just play acting sales and going, "Oh, I know I'm supposed to ask this question cuz Jeremy says it." And then you don't even use it later. It's not even used in consequence. You don't even bring it back up. it's not even used as ammo to ask another question in a custom way like going well I know you said this before and I suppose with that in mind like you should be leveraging everything you're getting and if you don't if you find yourself asking things that just don't have any leverage
>> like for example you why why I tell reps I don't understand no one's ever been able to give give me a real good answer why you say what did you think of the VSSL what did you think of the video at the top of the call like every rep asked that but like what if they say I didn't I thought it [ __ ] Okay.
What What are you going to do? You going to like not pitch them >> and argue over it? >> Yeah. >> Uh if they say it's great, >> okay, like well they have they have more conviction now that they've said it like like it it doesn't do anything. >> You know what I mean? So it's just I just go did you make the time to did you take did you actually take the time like make the time? Not did you get the time did you make the time to go through some of the pre-core stuff? >> Yeah, I did. Okay, cool.
What is it that got your interest and you're hoping to get from this call? Yeah, >> like I don't need to ask because either it's not that it's it's just it doesn't do any I'm not doing anything with that. I won't use it later so I don't ask it because there should be a currency on your questions. You should say less because the more you say the less valuable it is.
So don't ask r [ __ ] that doesn't benefit. There's a cost to everything you say. >> So you know make sure it has relevance. Otherwise prospects can tell. >> You know they can tell. When you ask a question and you don't use it next, it doesn't have some kind of logic. then they'll be able to tell. It lowers your frame. It doesn't benefit. All right.
Yeah. Cool. [clears throat] But I just want to close off with um >> Connor um >> I'll drop my my WhatsApp number here. You can go if you have any questions, you guys need help like anything uh sales roles, uh random questions, voice notes. If you're not a paying client, I'll might get back to you the end of the week like just send you a voice note, but it's better than nothing.
Or you'll be on this meeting so you can just get the answer. Uh if you want sales roles, stuff like that. I'm always uh open to helping people and stuff like that. So >> I always give people my number. 5531. Um, it's in the send it to Holden. Let me just send it to everyone. >> Thanks, man. >> Yeah, you can just add me on WhatsApp and we'll chat and like whatever.
Um, happy to help. >> Good. >> Uh, I got to be straight up with you, bro. Uh, what's his name? David. >> Is it David? >> Uh, I saw this. I saw this when I was like five minutes ago before you jumped in the meeting. sent me this. Connor, sorry. Not not David. What? >> And then David. Yeah. You said, "Can you see my screen?" >> I can't see your screen.
>> No. >> Can you see it now? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Wait. How How did you get that already? >> Bro, I got eyes everywhere. Don't I got Bro, I [laughter] I got eyes every I got a client today that um said to me, "Uh, oh, dude. Uh this one sales coaching client said to me, he goes, "Hey, this rep, he's uh" because he's he's a rep for one of my management clients.
He's like, "This rep, he's applying for another job." I'm like, "Yeah, I know. I'm also uh the job he's applying for is one of my clients as well. And he's a client. He's a client. He's a client. He's a client." And then he's And then I I told I said, "Yeah, I don't care, dude. I know he's going for this other job.
I'm literally coaching the managers for that one, too." And then later in the day, uh, like an hour later, the the coaching the coaching client comes to me. He's like, "Oh, um, I just I'm sorry for not telling you. I I I um I'm actually applying for this other job." I'm like, "Yeah, I know. And I know you know that I know.
That's why you're telling me." >> And he's like I'm like, "Just don't worry, bro. It's in Australia. It's in If it's in Australia, there's a chance I uh I I'm I'm helping them in some way." >> Yeah. That's That's exactly That's I'm not going to speak too much, but >> Wait, so how do you know? Wait. >> Yeah.
Is it How do you know? I don't know. >> I think I think I know how he knows. >> Yeah, I think so, too. >> Oh, are you in the group? >> No, no, no. It's a screenshot. >> No, no. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> It's a It's a screenshot from from I mean, you would have seen it on the screen share, but you didn't look You didn't look up the top from who sent it.
>> No, I know. It's all good, guys. You guys are good people. You got nothing to worry about. Um, bring people along. >> Yeah, man. Well, it's good because David wouldn't have got in here if if I didn't post the screenshot. You can find it. [laughter] >> I was like calling call everyone. >> Awesome.
I'll speak to you guys in WhatsApp or next week, whatever. >> Awesome. >> Cheers. video. Bye.
