Oh, what's happening fellas? How you going cord? And then I'm going to kick in. All right, team. Just make sure that's all up and running. Yeah, we should be good to go. All right, cool. So, today I'm going to talk about my first 15minute model in the performance fire pyramid. And this is for sales and business owners who are constantly looking to, I guess, push the envelope without destroying themselves in the process.
Um, in my opinion, and this is something I've seen coaching fitness coaches, coaching business owners, that we often don't need more leads, we need more fire. And this might sound a touch woo for some people, but if you really think about when the last time that you were hyperproductive or you had some massive growth in whatever it is you do in terms of your business, um, quite often it's it's energy has followed the result.
Okay. So, the result has followed energy. In my opinion, energy is the currency of influence. And when you're lit up, your sales frequency becomes magnetic. It's it's one of those things. I sort of read a book when I was about 17 on on the laws of attraction, you know, the old secret book, and I used to think that was just a load of [ __ ] Um, and then you start to realize that the more and more you sort of put this stuff out there, the more it seems to show up.
But as you sort of go through business and as you become a bit more experienced, you realize there's still tactics and actual strategy to this stuff rather than just manifesting an amazing life. So this is somewhere in the middle. And um for those of you watching, I have made a custom GPT that will help you find what's sucking your energy.
I'll call them energy vampires and give you a bit of a game plan to remove them. Just comment Dylan on this video and I'll send it over to you. Um, so ever met someone in sales who's had all the scripts, all the tactics, but no spark. You didn't want to buy from them? If I was to tone down everything right now and just sort of sit here and be like, "Guys, I really want you to buy into this energy stuff like I I I really think it might be useful for you.
" You're just going to basically switch off. The thing with energy, if I am projecting, if I am bringing energy and confidence to the sales presentation, no matter what, you're always going to have more chance. And the thing with energy, if you want to make more money, it isn't option optional.
It's the sales frequency that closes deals. I was lucky enough to um run a workshop here for about it was about 100 odd fitness coaches one time. We had a guy um come in and he was doing very very well. sort of multiseigure business owner. Um he's connected with Matt a lot of times and he talked about the one thing he sort of like changed the idea of money to energy. Okay.
And he sort of had this thing like when you really look at money it's just a transfer of energy. The more energy you put out or the more energy you can attract the more money you're going to attract. And for someone who was doing multi-se figures and for the conviction and belief he had in that to see what he had done and to see the way he presented himself is like at the end of his presentation he had 20 30 people come up to him and just were trying to pick his brains on every single thing.
And so his belief that you know if you build the energy, if you build the stack in terms of your health and your um and your productivity, you'll find that energy follow or the money follows the energy. And I have a question for you right now, okay? And maybe just in the chat.
If I followed you around for a week, would I feel drawn into your energy or would I feel drained for it? And if you can't answer that question right now, I want you to think about where you are in your sales process or your business right now. Are you growing, stalling, or shrinking? Cool. Wherever you're at, if you're growing, how's your energy? Are you flat? Are you drained? Are you pumped up? If you're stalled, is your energy stuck? You know, have you have you hit that plateau where you're like, I don't want to push anymore because I'm just a little bit
tired. If you're going backwards, where are you compared to where you used to be when you were growing? Really, really great little frame there. And I want you guys just to think about that. If I was to follow you around for a week, and this could be something if you do have a team as well.
Think about your best performers right now. Where are their energies? Think about the the lowest performers in your team. Where is their energy? Would you be drawn into it? would you buy from them or are these guys going to drain your soul? And what I want you to think about now is is the the three different layers of what we call the performance fire pyramid.
Layer number one is complete health and energy. Okay. And I look at this as our revenue base. Okay. And if you look at people who are highly successful, it's it's quite interesting. If you look at say a guy like Donald Trump, you look at a guy like um you know um the highest performers in the world, Donald Trump, he is not necessarily the picture of health.
He reckons he can jump on a treadmill and he'll break every record because that's Donald Trump. The conviction he has. He's like, I'll do it. But when you really think about it, his health is quite low. But his energy is through the roof cuz he has such purpose and passion. But what if we were to give him the ultimate health as well? How much more energy would this guy have? And so when we look at this, when your stamina, if we look at your stamina in terms of your pipeline, if you have the energy throughout the day to follow up with more leads, if you have the
energy to get on another call, if you have the energy to show up and be like at your physical best cuz you're just not tired and worn out. If you're if you're physically weak, your follow-ups, calls, and presence will drop as well. Okay? Tired sellers don't sell. Energy is the root of your income.
Okay, that's what we got to look at. Entrepreneurs burn cash by burning themselves out. Energy leaks equal money leaks as well. When we have discipline in our sleep, our nutrition, and training, this builds credibility. I seen a really good quote the other day that, you know, the bicep vein is the McLaren of the body.
If you show up into a sales presentation or a sales situation, you're in good shape, you have energy, your posture is really, really good. As soon as you have as soon as you're like seen that presence comes along. If you step into a meeting with your team and you have that presence, you have that energy and you're just fired up, you're always going to have more um more influence over over everyone that's around you.
If you're a little bit sloppy and if you just walk around and you're a bit of a fat [ __ ] everyone's like, "Man, you need to sort your [ __ ] out." Even like you just inherently say that, okay? like subconsciously you're like if this dude just worked a little bit harder like I'm not I can't really trust him. He can't really trust himself.
But if you really get that health on point and you show up to these meetings, you'll find that just everything else lifts with it, which is very very cool. Um and so when we look at this, okay, think of this as as where you have the money link to energy. Every percent you lose in energy, you lose in conversions.
If you don't have the juice to show up magnetic, your prospects don't feel compelled to buy. Okay. One thing that I've found really, really useful and you just look at like brain chemistry. Okay. So, when we look at brain chemistry, there's a couple of neurotransmitters that allow us to like really fire. Um, probably the main one is acetylcholine.
Okay, you got acetylcholine and dopamine. Dopamine is a bit of a reward driver. It's our motivation factor. Um, when we look at acetylcholine, what that is is our ability to take information in our brain and and tap into it really, really quickly. If we have high levels of these neurotransmitters, you'll find that you're just sharper, faster, and more motivated all the time.
And the cool thing about this is you can influence it really, really quick. Yeah, absolutely. Tai Lopez mentions this, money flows where the energy is, 100%. And if you look at that guy, like when he shows up on videos, he's very magnetic and he looks very healthy and he's like he's always energized and he's always going hard.
And just to come back around to, you know, the the energy side of this with the neurotransmitters, something that is so so simple because quite often it's like, hey, look, you have to train, you have to do nutrition, stuff like that. One of the easiest ways to actually, you know, start this process is start the day with steak eggs and blueberries.
Okay, if you eat this in the morning sun, I know a lot of us are up, you know, early in the morning doing work, but steak, eggs, and blueberries is one of the fastest ways to start the day off, right? Because steak and eggs, they have a lot of protein, which has a lot of tyrrosine in it. Tyrrosine is the precursor to dopamine.
Okay? If you have more building blocks of tyrrosine, you're going to have more dopamine in the morning. Also, eggs are full of acetylcholine, which is another is going to it's full of choline, sorry, which is the precursor to acetylcholine, which is going to give you that ability to tap in those resources to get your brain fired.
Also, with a lower carbohydrate breakfast, carbohydrates will help with serotonin in the body. And serotonin is actually bit of a down regulator, which is going to shut you down. So, when you have high levels of tyrrosine from the steak and the eggs, you're going to have more dopamine. When you have more carbohydrates, you have more serotonin.
And think of them like this little switch. So, if you start the day with steak, eggs, and blueberries, you'll find that you just have more of that raw potential energy and you feel more motivated. Save the carbohydrates for nighttime, okay? And that is that is something that can work for people who are super driven.
Most of the people that, you know, I've worked with, either if they're athletes or business owners, they find that they respond really really well to dopamine and as soon as we shut them down, they just basically want to go to sleep. So having that in the morning keeps you more motivated, keeps you fuller.
You can work out your absolute best. So health is the base layer of our performance p uh performance fire pyramid. Layer number two is purpose and passion. Okay? If your why is weak, your pipeline dies because prospects don't buy your script. They buy the conviction and energy you radiate. Okay? If I was to think about, you know, accounting, okay, like there's a million accountants in the world.
What makes me think that your company is going to give me the best return on my time or my investment in terms of accounting? Generally, when you speak with someone, you know, when they're like, "Hey, man, I want to really look under the hood of your business. I want to see what's going on, see where we can save you money.
" The reason I want to do that, though, is like, I'm a family man, too. You know, I've got kids at home. I've I've run my business for 20 years and I really want to see just good people succeed with accounting. You know, that is going to be far more stronger than just someone saying, "Hey man, we're the cheapest accountant in town.
" Okay? So, when you've got that purpose, that passion, and that fire for what you do, you often find that your conviction in terms of your sales process is much much higher as well. So when we look at this, okay, purpose equals conviction and enthusiasm. If you can't sell yourself the dream every day, how will you sell others? Once again, when we look at like when we look at our business or wherever we are in terms of our process, when was the last time you were truly fired up or truly passionate about your business? You know, it's probably the last time
that your business had massive growth as well, you know? And I know for me in particular, like sometimes you just go for it emotions and it's like, man, I'm just cruising along, you know, and then as soon as you reconnect with that passion or why you're doing something, it's often that just that little bit of extra zip in your day and you're like, you know, those those challenges, those struggles, they just seem to bounce off a little bit more.
So reconnecting with the passion and the purpose is a is a big part of this. The other part of this I guess is is the passion and and obsession is the invisible close. If you've ever met someone obsessed, they win more often. They influence more and they seem to never run out of juice. You know, like when I when we first started opening our gym, like the first year or so, we sort of just ran purely on passion and obsession.
I didn't know what the [ __ ] I was doing. Like I I probably still don't know what I'm doing. But that first couple years when you're just super super passionate, you get away with a lot of stuff just purely because you're driven and obsessed to be better. And I've been doing this stuff a long time now.
And you know, you'll get people that come in first couple years, they might be driven by that passion. But as soon as that dies, they just fizzle out and they disappear. That obsession dies, you know. And I guess with each skill set or each, you know, um element in your business is let's say like you're working on your leadership skills.
How obsessed are you with being a better leader? You know, what books are you reading? What what um studies are you doing? What things are you getting obsessed over? What details? Because the more obsession you have to it, that just leads to more and more potential on that flywheel. And eventually you just become unstoppable. Because someone who's obsessed or someone who enjoys the process of of walking will walk further than the man who, you know, loves the destination purely.
And it's it's one of those things you just see more often. If your energy was a brand, what would it say about you? Okay, and that's that's another little question here is like if your energy was a brand right now, what would it say about you? Your energy signals to your prospects whether you're alive or dying in your business.
Okay, if someone shows up, comes into your business and they're like, "Hey man, you seem a bit flat." Or they just they know you're a bit flat. What do they think about your business? Do they think like it's growing really really fast? Do they think that there's a struggle on there? They think that there's a challenge because people can sense that if they're like, "Man, this guy seems to be really like pumped up.
He's excited about everything he's doing. Maybe these people are doing really really well. Maybe I should consider a little bit stronger what these guys are doing." And so when you have that energy, just think of your energy as a brand, okay? And when you show up to your meetings, when you show up to consultations, when you show up in content, whatever you do, your energy is going to signal to your prospects whether this is a ship worth jumping on or something that may be sinking.
If your why is weak, your pipeline dies. Buyers won't feel your fire. They buy the transfer of belief, not the the product in your suite. Okay, little bit of thing here. If you had to if you were to right now think about what dream that you have, what dream do you need to resell yourself on so that prospects believe you in you again? What dream do you need to resell yourself on so prospects believe in you again? Okay, when you first started maybe the one of the biggest things I sort of work on with high performers is last time you were having massive success, what was
the dream you sold yourself? You know, if you just think about the last time you had success, where was your energy at? What was your conviction? What was your belief? What was your passion? What was your purpose? And what dream did you sell yourself on? Now, if you were to resell yourself on that again, would you would your clients believe in you 10 times again? Layer number three is selfrust and identity.
Okay? And so I actually believe this is probably the biggest thing. I I did a lot of work with Dan Martell and he actually said that, you know, the the reason why we don't break through is is so deeply connected to identity that most people just do not understand that the reason they keep hitting a glass ceiling is they have not accepted who they are or who they need to become to go to that next level.
And the tip of the pyramid for me is the selfrust and identity layer. This is the crown. This is the piece that holds it all together. And when we look at identity, it's shaped by the promises we keep to ourself. Because every broken promise just erod your edge. And in sales, that edge is everything. Selfrust isn't just personal.
It's the foundation of closing confidence. Okay? And if we really think about that, you know, Andy Elliot and those guys, their conviction, their identity, they're like, "This is who I am. This is what I believe in." and me holding those standards, holding those values, that's the reason I'm going to crush it in this job.
Okay, those guys, their conviction and and their identity is tapped into it. They're like, if you don't have abs, you you're fired from our business, you know, and so that's what they believe in. That's their identity and they believe that if they hold that standard, they're always going to have success. And when we look at this is like if you have ultimate certainty, okay, prospects don't buy your product, they buy certainty.
If you don't fully trust yourself, why should they trust you with their money? Okay, why should they trust you with their money? If we think about the promises that build identity, every promise you keep to yourself, you know, when you said, "Hey, I'm going to get up and go to the gym, or I'm going to do that extra call today, or I'm going to, you know, send out that um proposition or that proposal.
I'm going to get up and eat that nutritious meal that I said I would. I'm going to have those steaks, those blueberries, and those eggs that Dylan said, and I'm going to give this a go for the next 30 days, and I'm not going to miss a [ __ ] day." Every promise you keep to yourself stacks. It builds that identity. It builds that selfrust.
And when you have that selfrust in yourself, stack by stack, it builds the identity of someone who follows through. That's someone that I can trust. And I [ __ ] love these people because it's like, you know, when someone just constantly does what they say, you know, like, hey, if I ever needed to call that person, if there was a war, that's the person I'm going to call.
You know, that's the person I'm going to go pick up. And you know, having a team of of people like that or having yourself as that leader is is in my opinion something that's extremely I wouldn't say it's it's just more and more rare. It seems to be more and more rare these days. And I think those people that can really truly like trust in themselves cuz they do not miss I believe it's something that is is very very powerful.
Um cool. And then if we look at congruency as well, in my opinion, congruency is magnetic. Mag magnetic energy is congruency. Your words, your vibes, and your actions, we're not all aligned. We're not all consistent. That's when people stop questioning your pitch. You know, it's when they start following your frequency.
And it's it's a reason why I followed Matt for a long, long time. You know, he never really changes. He's always the same and he's [ __ ] good at what he does, you know? He's he's [ __ ] good at what he does, but he is who he is. He doesn't shy away from, you know, he doesn't try to be anything else, but he's so congruent and then he backs it up with what he can actually do.
And he's just got that confidence and conviction that I think is is very very good, you know, and and when you have that congru congruency, it's it's when people really do stop questioning you. They're like, "Yep, this is someone I want to buy in." And they start to follow your frequency. And when we look at where this all links up into money, the fastest way you can destroy a sale is being inongruent.
Is just like showing up and saying, let's say if I was to sell fitness, okay, and I show up and I'm a fat personal trainer, okay? I show up and I'm like, "Hey mate, I'm going to help you lose 20 kilos and I probably need to lose 40 kilos myself." It's like they look at the guy beside me who's jacked as [ __ ] and they're like, "Bro, I'm just going to I I'll I'll think about it.
I'll come back next week." You know, and it's it's the same with I guess like business coaches and sales coaches that are like, "Man, I can show you how to make $100,000 in the next 90 days and it's like you go and look at their Instagram profile or something and they got [ __ ] three followers and no photos or no proof.
" Okay? Then you look at Matt Ryder who's, you know, just had a testimonial from Andy Elliot and you're like, I probably could learn some stuff from this guy, you know? So, it's that congruency is really, really huge. And it really does start with identity. So, um, when we when we look at this, if if we really look at it too, it's like the more congruent you are, clients can feel it.
And the second they you don't believe in yourself is the second they don't believe in you. And when you really think about that is if they don't believe in you, if they don't trust you, you know, even no matter how good your sales process is, if your tone is out, if the way you bring it across, the way you present yourself, you're just leaking money out the back.
Okay? You're leaking money. So, my little little prompt here from right now, and I want you guys just to sit with this. On a scale of 1 to 10, how much would you buy from yourself right now? On a scale of 1 to 10, how much would you buy from you right now? Scale of 1 to 10, 8 out of 10. Yeah. Eight out of 10, seven out of 10.
Cool. And the follow-up question, I truly believe most of the time we always know what to do. We just don't do it. If you were to be a plus one, okay, if you were to be a plus one, what would it take for you to do today to become a plus one from that number that you just wrote down? What would it take for you today to become a plus one from the number you wrote down? >> What would it take? >> This what you preach, >> right? This what you preach. Yep.
So more congruency, consistency. Yep. Yeah, beautiful. And what one of my challenges is like why aren't you doing that? Simple way. It's of it's often simple and I know like there is some tactics and stuff that go with this, but where we where most people get this wrong is like if I go from a seven to a 10, what what do I have to do to go to a 10 today? And realistically, if you just go from a seven to an eight, an eight to a nine, in your case, Alexander is like, if you're just that one more percent or that plus one consistency today, what
does that do to your bottom line? You know, if if Alexander was plus one more consistent, is that what takes him from 400k a month to 500K a month? You know, and all it is is plus one. It's not plus 10. It's not plus 20. It's literally plus one. And if you keep stacking those plus ones, you know, it's it's quite often that they add up over the next 3 to 6 months and all of a sudden you've you've made that huge breakthrough.
Probably it would be a six figure change. Yeah, exactly, man. Exactly. And that's literally that just plus one. And if we really look at it, okay, there's those three things like, okay, the identity of it. What is it going to cost you to step into the identity of that person that's more consistent? If we really look at it, it's like, okay, cool.
If I was to be more consistent, does that mean like losing time with my family? Does that mean I have to step into a different role, step away from where I am? What do I lose? Is it going to be harder to be more consistent? Does that mean I have to put in more hours for a few months? Was there a time where, you know, I've got to a point where I'm comfortable, I'm cruising, and I remember how [ __ ] hard it was to grow to this point.
Being that little bit more consistent, does that require more work? The good thing about all of that is we're all built for it. We've all done it before. It's just about embracing the struggle and embracing the process, you know? It's all it really is. And off the back of that is like, do you have the energy, the health, the vibrance to back that up, you know? And that's that's those two things.
If if you look at the energy required to maybe put in a couple of big months to head into Christmas, if you look at the connection of the why, you know, for me, my mine's just my family. It's like, I want to leave this this stuff for my family. So it's like that's what gets me out of bed and I know I can dig in and grind for a wee bit but it's also I know that my health and everything backs it up so I don't get burnt out in the process.
So really yeah health I've got down pat sleep right. Yeah absolutely man. Yeah cool. So the big thing here today team and I just really want to leave you with that is like for that to be that plus one. What is going to require for you today and just a quick recap is like energy is the base. Sharp body equals a sharp mind equals more stamina and more influence.
Purpose lights the fire. You know conviction sells indifference repels. Selfrust is the lock. Without it, client s uh client sense doubt and walk away this week. Just what I want you to stack, okay? Is to stack three wins. One physical win, and I want you just to write these down now.
What's one physical win you could have? What's one purpose-driven win you could have? What is that reconnection that you need to reconnect with? What's that why that you could connect a little bit deeper with? And what's one identitybased win that you could have as well? you know, when can you step into that, you know, that extra six figures.
What do you need to become? Who do you need to become to do that? If you do that daily, your sales frequency will shift. People won't just hear you, they'll feel you. And that's when the money flows. Your edge isn't lost. It's just dormant. And I quite often find that is like, you know, people are just looking for the next edge.
You've already got it. You've just got to reignite it. And when you reignite it, you just watch how fast your bank account catches fire. just [ __ ] grows and grows and grows. And so I'm going to leave it with that today, team. Um, if you do want to unpack that, I do have that custom GPT that will tell you where your energy links are and basically those three um, levels.
Just send me a message on Instagram. Um, and I'll I'll shoot that over to you. But I might just open it up to any questions or any takeaways uh, that you might have. John Carlo, man, I know you're sitting there. Any questions or takeaways? >> No. ton of questions takeaways just just you know obviously energy right I think that's the biggest thing that I was um I don't always have 10 out of 10 energy on a sales call right so that's something that I do notice when I when I talk to to Matt he's it's like consistently in terms of how he acts right he's not the
happiest guy in the world right but he it's consistent in terms of his tone or like his excitement that's something that that I took away from from this for sure >> beautiful man so then just before you get on your next sales call, what would be your prompt before you jump on there? >> Uh, I I guess don't uh don't have the don't have the mentality if happy if I close and and and not happy if I don't close.
Just like trying to be able to go in and with the understanding of helping this person what we have to offer, >> right? And whatever they at the end of the day, it's their decision. And so I'm not going to force him anything not to do or but it's not necessarily what the resultbased of my emotion at the end of the day.
I think that's some dumb thing that I need to just take care into. >> Yeah, I love it, man. One thing that might be useful too, man, is like before each call, just write on a piece of paper like rate your energy out of 10. >> Cool. And it's like all right, I'm a six. All right, how do I be an eight? I need to be an eight for this call, you know? So really looking at that and just self-rating quite a lot.
um is is going to be a big thing that'll really help. Um Alexander, mate, any takeaways, questions. Cool. All right, guys. S um this is week one. Awesome. This is week one of uh 12 week in in terms of this high performance coaching stuff. Um really appreciate it, guys. Look forward to connecting more. Um, have a have a really good day and we'll catch you guys soon. See you guys.
Bye.
