Improving the number one marker in terms of longevity is V2 max. If you give me the next 15 minutes, I'm going to show you how to improve that while having a busy life and removing all the myths and dispel the fact that you cannot get this done. My name is Coach Dylan. I've been coaching for over a decade.
I've coached every day. um people from 60-y old grandmothers all the way up to Olympic level athletes and this system has been bought together from some of the best coaches in the world and it allows you to get the work that needs to be done with no more [ __ ] excuses. So if you are prepared to realize that hey look if you got 6 minutes per day to improve your health and your life then this system is going to be really useful for you.
So, let's be real for a start is most performers crush it at work and then they gas out when it comes to their body. You know, this isn't about six-packs or spreadsheets. It's about building a system that keeps you switched on all day, every day, and gives you something that's simple, repeatable, and done. Okay? And that's that's ultimately what I hear a lot of people want is they just want to be able to get it done.
They want to be able to get in, get it done, make sure they're ticking the box without needing to go crazy with all of this stuff. And when we look at it is like you don't need motivation. Okay? If you need motivation to improve your health, if you need motivation to improve the number one key marker that is going to, you know, determine your life expectancy, then you have probably bigger problems.
What you need is a system that works when life gets smizzy uh busy. You don't fail because you're lazy. You fail because your energy systems or your training systems have been built on vibes, the need for long workouts or, you know, the need for fancy equipment. It's not built on structure. Okay? And and I know who I'm talking to here are the people that realize like if you've got a system, you can outsource that and then you can just get in and get the work done.
Things happen a lot better when you have structure. when you have something you can just plug and play and go on and get it done, especially when it's fit to your life. So, when life gets busy, business, kids, and stress, most people just fall off at this part. This is what we're going to fix today. And so, you know, the cycle, you start strong, you fall off, and you start again.
Often that can be one week, two weeks, sometimes it's 6 months, 6 years. You know, that stop start rhythm is what's killing the progress and confidence. And in the previous videos that I've done recently is like, you know, when we continuously actually do what we say we're going to do, we build that confidence. We build that identity and that eventually becomes who we are.
As soon as we stop doing the things that we say we're going to do, that confidence in ourselves starts to drop. And then our confidence, the people who have confidence in us, that confidence starts to drop as well. And why it becomes difficult to restart is people expect that you need to work out for an hour when really it's like if we can just start off with small micro dose effects that have a lot of quality not a lot of quantity we can actually start to stack layers and layers of this progress on top of each other. The goal here
isn't perfectionism, it's consistency. And and what I want to see from you and one of the biggest things in terms of fitness, if you can get something in every day that's quality, you will find that your fitness improves very very quickly. That comes from frictionfree system and not discipline, you know.
And when we look at it, you know, Rolexes, Lambos, making money, you know, it's all amazing stuff. But energy, health, and, you know, even a bicep vein to a point is a real flex these days, okay? It's something that shows you got discipline. It's something you've showed that you can do the hard things you don't want to do.
Um, and it's something that just says you got your [ __ ] together. And so most people track their revenue, their leads, or their time. But the one thing that actually fuels all of it is our energy. Okay? When you run low, everything suffers. The real flex is showing up sharper, calmer, and more switched on than anyone in the room. This is what this system builds, okay? And I call it the the Limitless Edge 15 minutes um framework, okay? It's three steps. 15 minutes every single day.
reset, ramp, and recharge. This isn't a gym program. It's your energy operating system. The the better your cardiovascular system, the better your V2 max, it's going to improve your parasymp or your sympathetic nervous system, the more that we can allow ourselves or the higher buffer we have in terms of our fitness, the higher adaptability we have to stress.
So, it's it's not only the ability to be fitter, to be healthier, it's also our ability to either tolerate more stress or deal with stress better so that we don't get burnt out and broken down. And what what we have here is the first little system to this is our is our first little ignition switch.
And I call this the six minute progressive system. Something that I learned from Dr. Mike T. Nelson, who's an absolute wizard on this stuff. What it does is we are going to pick a um a conditioning piece of equipment whether it's a rower, a bike, you can run, you can jump on [clears throat] the spot, you can do whatever you like.
And what it is is you set a timer for 6 minutes. Okay? You start slow and then minute by minute you actually build up your intensity. Beautiful thing about this system is you don't need a warm up. you can just get straight into it and you're getting that quality V2 max work by the end of this workout.
And this six minute system is actually probably more effective than a 30 minute, 40 minute long bike ride in terms of improving that V2 max market. What it looks like is so minute one you start off pretty comfortable. You should be able to talk. You know, you you're doing okay. And then minute two, you're increasing that pace.
Minute three, you're going a little bit faster. By minute four, you should be starting to push relatively hard here. Minute five, you're pushing really hard. Okay, that's where you're starting to really tap into that V2 max work. That one minute of really quality work plus the 5 minutes with the lower intensity work is actually going to give you more bang for buck in terms of your time spent with your uh conditioning training than you would, you know, from a longer session.
Um, the cool thing about it is, you know, you can get up, get it done, 6 minutes later, you've done some quality work for the day. Now, if you have time to go and then do some strength training and stuff like that, absolutely brilliant. It's absolutely phenomenal. But just that 6 minutes every single day can be an absolute game changer in terms of your fitness.
Now, another part of this system is building it up over six days. Okay? So day one, day three, day five, you're going to do that escalating six method. Okay? So that six-minute protocol. Days 2, four, and six, we're going to build our aerobic capacity. On day two, you're going to do some cardiac development work, which is 20 to 30 minutes of nasal only exercise.
Um, and you want to keep your heart rate around 140, 150 beats per minute. What this does is allows your lungs and heart to expand and get more volume of blood and oxygen around your body. Paired that with the harder V2 max work, which makes your heart contract [snorts] harder, you're going to build a very, very efficient set of lungs and a very, very efficient cardiovascular system.
Now, day four, which is generally Thursday, is you're going to use V2 max intervals. And so, these are actually really hard sets. Okay? So you're doing anywhere from 2 to 6 minutes at almost like a 9 out of 10 intensity. It's really really hard. And you're going to rest for anywhere between, you know, 4 to 6 minutes once again.
And you'll do somewhere between two to five rounds of this. Okay, those two rounds, if you were just to do two rounds, is such quality work. You know, within 15 minutes, you're out of there. And you've got such quality work that you're improving your fitness very, very rapidly. And it's something that you only need to do once a week with that hard effort, but you'll find that it it does really impact your your cardiovascular health a lot.
Um then on the Saturday, generally this is what we do. Something is in terms of either a hobby or a family orientated um piece of cardiovascular work. What it looks like is you'll pick something that's going to take 30 to 60 minutes. It could be surfing. It could be walking in the bush.
It could be going at a park with your kids. But it's something that's challenging your heart rate at a lower intensity for that 30 to 60 minutes. Now those 6 days, 15 to 30 minutes, you know, 6 days a week is actually going to give you some huge, huge benefits. And from that, you have no real excuse. You know, it's it's something that if you plug that system in, you'll get some huge benefits in terms of your fitness.
Now, the last part to this, and this is how you can recharge or reset after a big day, okay? We want you to cool down, breathe, and reflect. This is what most people skipped. You know, after those high intensity intervals, you're ramped up. If we use some breath work, either something like a a box breath, you could use something like a 6 to8 recovery breath.
It's going to take the work that you've done and start the adaptation process. It's going to allow you to shift from, you know, hard work mode to rest and digest mode, which is going to improve your ability to recover from hard efforts. This will take about 5 minutes to drop your heart rate and reset your nervous system, but you finish clearing when you started.
All of that oxygen is now to your brain. All of those good hormones and neurotransmitters, they're there now to help you level up and improve your job or whatever task it is that you've got next. And that's the big win here. So, our integration for this is to plug this into your morning routine. Wake up, hydrate, and hit your 15inute edge session.
Have a cold shower and then roll into your day. No gym, no worries. Just time block your oxygen like you time block your meetings. You know, make sure you get this in. You You can do it at home. You can do it with anything. It's literally five to 15 minutes and you're you're done for the day. Now, my big challenge here is is to run this for one week.
So 15 minutes a day, track how your energy, your clarity, and your focus feel by day seven. If you want the full protocol, just go on to my Instagram, Dylan Limitless, and DM me the word edge, and I'll send you this exact protocol on a clear document so that you can follow along for the seven days. You'll just start to find that your business starts to operate on a higher level because you're operating on a higher level.
Hope you found that useful. Let me know. And if you want that resource, do DM Dylan Limitless on Instagram Edge and I will send that over to you. Let's get it.
