Hey, Rachel. >> Hey, Lauren. How's it going? >> Good. How are you? >> I'm good. I'm good. >> That's good. I don't know if you tried to join last week, but uh I was unwell. I'm still unwell. I got hit by a truck. It's not fun. >> Yeah. They said you're you're sick. I'm like, h that sucks. >> Yeah.
It's like I've not been this sick in years. It's terrible. And it's just like Yeah. Anyway, I won't bore you with the details, but I felt bad because it was pretty last minute cancel, but I just had to keep playing it day by day and I just woke up and it's like, yeah. Anyway, let's dive in. I'm keen to uh hear an update from you and then let me know how I can how I can help.
>> Yeah. Awesome. Um Yeah. So with the change or you know role playing out um just the objection you know I just sat in the pocket and was able to get more information my energy changed on the calls so it changed everything just that piece um >> crazy head >> that was awesome like now I'm just kind of listening to your recordings and having that energy coming into all my calls and it just changes everything.
So >> yeah, >> that was the biggest piece for me like um >> yeah, so I I love that it's, you know, about getting ground and right in the morning and making sure you're in a good spot um more than anything. Just having a good conversation with people instead of worrying about anything else. >> Yeah, I wish I could say that.
Like I'm not surprised anymore. I was surprised initially and then I just started to talk about this stuff more with reps and it just now I'm just I would be more surprised if I didn't get feedback like that like you know what I mean and it's a bit weird and it's a bit car like it's a bit odd obviously I'm a sales trainer quote unquote so it's like um you know I mean the agenda that I should be pushing is it's all like training and skill and this and that and those don't get me wrong like that is obviously really important
just I'm being reminded more and more and more that like people by people and how we show up to the conversation is above all else the most important part. So that's really cool to hear. >> Um >> yeah. >> So yeah. What do you um what have you been cuz I know it was I think it was like was it a fairly new offer that you were on? >> No, not a new offer.
Just I I went over from triage to sales but now I'm kind of more on triage because we don't have enough book calls for everybody. But that week after you gave me that and I listened to the recording, I went three, four, five out of sales calls. So >> really, >> it really really helped. Just like that little bit, I'm like, I'm just going to listen to that recording over and over when I need to, you know? >> Yeah.
Yeah. Like just keep doing the things that that that work. It's awesome. >> But then you kept saying on the call like it's not always about your skill. Like that's like the third thing. And I think energy and where you're at, your intentions pretty high up there. >> Massive. Yeah. So I think when we when we were talking you did have some objections that you felt like you were coming up against but I mean isn't it interesting though like you focused on that and then you went three from five.
So it's like oh do I really have an objection issue or did I just did I have something else issue? So what do you what are you maybe seeing recently that you that you feel could uh could do with improvement or refinement now that you've kind of got that dialed in? >> Yeah.
Um, I know that we talk about like reading people. Um, but you know, all my calls are just on the phone like painting contractors, you know, we don't do Zoom. So, I was wondering if I could just kind of understand how like it's you don't get to see them, right? You don't get face. So, I feel like I'm missing a lot, but like today I had a guy, he seemed kind of dry and he's tech person. He just wants lots of details.
I'm like, am I reading them wrong or am I just plugging into this too much? >> Yeah. Yeah. So this is that's that's perfect though because if you think about it so when we talk about reading somebody obviously I say with Kate Bradley I don't think you've been on one of my trainings Bradley have you seen >> any of the recordings do you know what I'm about >> this is my literally my very first day >> all right cool welcome firstly um so just a quick one for you is like I can uh I've been training reps for years
like now I was one of the head trainers at seventh level so I've trained people across all sorts of industries um but I'd say my zone of genius and also the side of sales that I really enjoy teaching is like human behavior and and EQ and being able to kind of read people and and adapt like I guess adapt our sales conversation based on the person that we're speaking to and the the way that I describe it is um I don't know if you ever remember being younger and maybe you wanted to like stay out past your bedtime or go to a party and you
sus out what mood your parents in before you ask if you can do that because even from an early age we we knew that uh the state that that person was in would influence the outcome and it's the same in sales conversations but what I see a lot is we get given a script we get given a process and we just like we just we just go into every single conversation exactly the same and you're only you're always going to be limited if we do that.
So then yeah, what I want to help people to do is like how do I how do I understand as quickly as possible what's the conversation that I need to have with this individual in front of me um you know to really connect with them and and and get them to open up and trust me. Okay, so with that um Rachel just asked a really good question was like okay well how do I read somebody if I can't see them now what are the different like just throw some at me.
What are the different types of communication that we use as humans? Well, like visual. >> Yeah. Give me give me some examples of like because we've got verbal communication and we've got non-verbal communication. So, what are those? >> Their tone of voice like facial expressions. >> Yep. What else? >> Um, just body language, if it's open or closed.
>> Mhm. Yep. What else? What are the ones that you can use? If we start with that, what are the ones that uh like you can actually use when you're given you're having phone conversations? >> Like is body language useful to you? >> Um just like are you talking about just on a phone call or on a Z? >> I've heard that even if you're not on a Zoom call, your body language is still important.
>> Yeah, definitely. You can you can hear like if you were to close your eyes right now, you would be able to hear that I'm smiling. >> Like you can hear that you can hear if somebody's smiling. It's so it's not that it's not useful, but it's not as useful as the two that are, you know, to I guess what we consider to be verbal communication, like what I can hear.
That's what you you're going to have to rely on that those senses and that's going to be language. that it the the actual words that they use and then you've got their tone of voice. Um, and there's a lot that goes into tone of voice. It's not just it's not just um uh you know you've got intonations, you've got pace, you've got uh like the like the projection of voice like there's a lot that goes into tone that you can listen to.
And if anything, I would say that tone of voice is what humans, it's the fastest way for us to ascertain a person's state. Yeah. Like you can tell like if I say uh get out of here, like you can tell that that's different to get out of here, >> don't you? It's very easy. So like I want you to just start to pay attention to those two.
is just their language and then their tone of uh of voice. And so if I if I share my screen here and we and and we look at the map of here by David uh like Hawkins, obviously there's different variations of this. This is just a good one. But if we can understand the different characteristics or criteria of these lower level states and and the higher level states like then that's where you can start to use like short language but also tone.
So, for example, a person down here, like if I ever said to you, um, would you, let's say there were only two states and one of them was apathy and one of them was love. Could you tell by just the tone of someone's voice whether it was apathy or whether it was love? >> Yeah, I think so. That's so far apart. >> Yeah.
How would you know the difference? Like, like, and there's no right or wrong here for now. I just want you to really think about how would I know and describe it to me like how would you know a person was in apathy based on some of the language that they were using and the tone of voice. >> Yeah. Like their mood and stuff's going to be completely different and what they're saying their language they're using.
What are you looking for me to give you examples? >> Yeah. I want you to I want you to like let's say that you had a conversation with someone who was in a state of apathy and I asked you how did you know what would you tell me? >> Huh? Um >> let's start with what is apathy Bradley? What's apathy? Apathy is um an indifference to anything, person, situation, circumstance.
>> Yeah. So, what might it sound like to speak to somebody who is >> usually usually comes across as very flat and kind of like not really engaging? >> It's almost like in a lot of ways it's almost like the exact opposite of love, right? Um love is is often much more warm and sort of intimate. Mhm. Yeah. You could say this is like a a strong like passion for something and this is a I think the key word you used was an indifference.
Now, the important thing to understand, I don't want to make this just about apathy, for example, but I want this is where you'll use be able to use this tool to your advantage, Rachel, when you're on calls is um and I'll get out of this and I'm going to show you something else. Um stop sharing. Where is it? Okay, here. So, this is just a different vis visual representation of like the map of consciousness.
I've just put it into like a um into a Google sheet. So, where is it? So, think of these like the levels. So, this is like the the macro view this column here this column here and then these are the different characteristics of that I guess what make up that level um so when you've got something like apathy at at that level the predominant emotional state and there's look there's different words that we could use because at the end of the day these are just labels that we're sticking on esoteric like emotions but apathy is despair which is could be
described as like a hopelessness um their view of uh God or the universe or whatever higher power it is that they believe in if any is that it's condemning. Okay. And then the behavior process behavior process is the way that this person a person in this emotional state at this energetic level tends to behave and so it tells us a lot about it.
So view of life is their is the lens and the filter in which they view life through. Um I would say not always every area of their life. Like the way that I describe it is um >> Bradley, what do you sell for example? >> Uh actually I I sell psychology. >> Oh there you go. So this is going to that was a good answer to apathy. It makes sense now. Right.
So with that, right, like um so do you work with a particular type of clientele, someone who's got certain types of problems, and if so, what are they? >> Yeah, most of my clients are um college students or uh young adults, usually in their 20s, 30s um that are u considering a career as a clinical psychologist. >> Okay.
And so, like, is it true that I could come to you and I could feel incredibly positive about a certain area of my life and I could actually feel quite apathetic about another area of my life? Is that true? >> Sure. Of course. >> Yeah. So, that's the way that I want you to to think of this is like I don't want you to bucket everybody in and go like, "Oh, people are in one type of emotional state.
" It's like emotional states are like a roller coaster anyway. But like I could come to Bradley and I could have I could be crushing it in business. I could have built a business to multi-million dollar a year and I've removed myself from it. It's like money is just not a concern for me. I might be Jeff Bezos actually. Let's just say I'm Jeff Bezos.
So if you're having a conversation with me and asking me questions about that area of my life, I'm like I'm crushing life. I'm at top of the world. Like I'm unbeatable. But I don't know a lot about Jeff Bezos. Yeah. But I imagine that someone of that amount of wealth, it might be tricky sometimes to as far as like maybe intimate relationships go or or personal connections go because I don't know, maybe Jeff's like, "Well, I don't know who my real friends are.
Like, are these my actual friends? Are they just here for the money?" Like maybe he feels lonely. Maybe if I'm having a conversation with him about that area of his life, he feels quite apathetic about it because he's like, "Well, I don't actually see the point in developing personal relationships because I just don't see a way that I could ever decipher between like true connection and and people who just want me for my money.
So, do you know what? I just screw relationships. I'm just going to Right. Do you see what I mean? You can have we can have people who have differing views in different areas of their life." And so, like I want you to the easiest way to think of this is like in the area of life that you help someone in. Okay? Let's say it's fitness, you know, again, maybe I'm crushing it in business, but I've really let my health go.
I'm really I've packed on like 200 lb and when I look at myself in the mirror, like I just I hate myself. But when I look at what I've created in my business, I love myself. Okay? And so the reason I share this is I want you to be thinking about like what state might this person be in in relation to this area of their life that I'm having conversations with them about.
Okay? And then view of life is like what's the lens? So again, if I use that the example of let's say [clears throat] you've got the overweight person who is really unhappy with their weight. Okay. Um, how am I going to feel every time I'm putting clothes on to go out somewhere? How am I going to feel when I go to the if I do go to the gym? How am I going to feel when I step on the scales? How am I going to feel when I see photos of myself? How am I going to feel when I'm walking going for a walk and I see all these like rich shredded people and they
got their muscles out and they look freaking jacked? How am I going to feel about myself when I see them? Do you see what I mean? So that's the view of >> trying to put your shoe yourself in their shoes kind of. >> Yeah. Yeah. And so if you can understand some of these characteristics, it's like, well, then it makes sense because I can make some I don't want to make assumptions, but I can I can make some loose assumptions.
What I mean by loose assumptions is I'm still open-minded, but I can based on what I understand about the avatars that I that I'm talking to, I can make some loose assumptions about well, what are the common emotional states that they might be in? So, if I'm selling to if I'm if I'm speaking to like single moms who uh are really struggling with their weight, I can make I can make some loose assumptions about what might be going on in their world in this area, can't I? Like, you know, I'm they're probably not going to be coming to the call in in this kind of state and
talking to me from this place, are they? This doesn't make any sense. And so like with that you being on the phone it's like I can if I know that like their predominant emotional state is despair which is kind of like a and that's where the indifference comes from that Bradley talked about it's not a person in a state of apathy doesn't care doesn't not care they are choosing to pretend that they don't care because caring is painful if I cared if I care a lot about something but it is this then it becomes this source of pain doesn't that becomes
a source of emotional pain. If every time I step on the scales, every time I I go to get dressed to go somewhere, every time I'm putting on my work clothes, like if everything I do in my life, I'm I'm I'm being fed back evidence that I'm just I'm not good enough in this area of my life.
That's painful, isn't it? And so every time I'm looking at uh you know the lens that I'm looking at this area of my life through makes me feel hopeless. It's just feeding this look at all these examples of where like I'm just so overweight and like look how what a big insurmountable task this is going to be. And like do you see how it's feeding the despair? Okay.
And like maybe I'm tried some things and it's just like the weight's not budging. And so whatever my view is of high of whatever my beliefs are around a higher power are like I'm just condemned. I'm just I'm just destined to be just overweight for the rest of my life. Okay. And then the behavioral process as a result is abdication.
So that's abdication of power, abdication of responsibility, a a uh abdication of agency. I'm at a point where I I don't believe Yeah. that I have the power to really change much in this area of my life. My actions, my decisions, my choices don't really I don't I don't really believe that there's anything that I can say or do or whatever that will change things.
And so therefore, I'm just get you know what just going to be apathetic about it. And a lot of men will end up numb. So you if you have a and this is a generalization, it's not always the case, but I'd say predominantly just because of the way that women and men are hardwired is like men will shut their emotion off, right? And then women can often end up consumed by the emotion instead.
And so you'll see, and I've got a sales call recording of a guy like this, he cared a lot. But if I showed you this sales call recording, you would go, he doesn't give a [ __ ] But I knew I knew that I was having a conversation with somebody cuz who there was a lot of shame? And so what would you rather feel? Shame? Something's wrong with me? I'm an awful person.
I'm a failure. Or would you rather go, you know what? I actually don't care. So a lot of these like a lot of this is just shame avoidance and so this is why we see a lot in sales conversations we see a lot of these two especially this one people wear masks and so with the yeah you'll get like I hear a lot of people like oh you know A types A types A types uh it's like the main reason we see a lot of that is like it's just a protection mechanism It's a like look at the behavior process inflation.
Think of a peacock. I'm going to I'm going to make myself bigger and like cool and like nonchalant and I'm going to be short and I'm [clears throat] not going to give too much away cuz I'm going to like I'm going to have this mask on so that you can't kind of figure out figure me out. It's just a protective mechanism and all it says is like I'm not safe because what's the paradigm here of all of these levels? Survival. So that's what my focus is.
And I'm but I'm going to come at it like bit nonchalant. I don't know you. I don't know what you're about. I don't know what this call's about. I don't know what you're going to sell me. Also, I might not want to admit to you that like this area of my life isn't really going the way that I want it to. Like I'm going to I'm just going to like keep this like mask up.
And so the more that you start to understand these things. So I know it's not a short answer to your question, Rachel, but like even just struggling to articulate and it's okay. struggling to articulate. How would I know if I was speaking to someone apathetic? It's like, well, if I can't articulate how I would know, then how am I going to be able to spot it? >> Does that make sense? >> Oh, yeah.
>> Bradley, I need I know I need to work on this. >> Yeah. But it's like it's crazy that Bradley just so happens to sell psychology. Like, what are the chances? And I go to him and I'm like, how do you know? And he goes, it's like an indifference. So Bradley would go, "Ah, I can hear I can hear the apathy." Okay.
And so when you guys know this, it's not about like labeling people. I'm not I I don't want to And it's not about like good or bad. Yeah. Because again, I I always say to people, it's like if my mom like or my dogs just passed away or like something I've lost someone close to me, it's appropriate that I'm grieving a little bit. Yeah.
Now, when that grief persists to a point where it's holding me back or it's not serving me anymore, okay, now it's a problem. But it would be weird if like I lost someone really close to me and I'm just like feeling joyful. That's a bit weird, isn't it? Or if someone hurts someone that really that I care about, like it's okay that momentarily there's a spike of anger.
Yeah. However, if I hold on to that for the next 25 years and it dictates my entire life, like that's a problem, isn't it? And so the way that I articulate to use this in our sales conversations is like always always this is the state that we want to be in when we show up at every conversation. It's just neutrality.
Neutrality is a is a curiosity. It's it's like an interest. But I'm not attached to whatever happens here. I'm just like I'm going in with this like genuine curiosity. And that's really the lens that I if you guys apply this or use this, I want you to use in your sales conversations is like, so if you get that person on your call who's like like talk to me how how like if you think of that person you were mentioning earlier, Rachel, talk to me, say some things to me as if you were him right now.
Like if I was to say to you, um, hey, you know what? What brings you to the call today? How can I help? You talking about the one where inflation that you haven't highlighted? >> Yeah. Uh or just that guy that you were talking to, you were like, "Oh, he's a bit analytical, be a type like talk to me as if you were him.
" >> What would what would he say and how would he sound? >> Yeah. So, you know, I I think I think I have a really good idea of things. I'm just kind of wanting to see what y'all got. But I I think I got the marketing figured out and >> um I'm pretty pretty sure I do. >> Yeah. All right. Love it. That's a perfect example of like inflation, isn't it? Because what describe some like Bradley, you would have been listening to that or Tim like language like what what was some of the language that that Rachel used that we could say was possibly an
example of this? >> Yeah. I mean, it it sounds like the demeanor was like sort of like classic uh service level typically a type defensive sort of like uh >> kind words that Rachel used though that that you can recall either of you. >> No, I wasn't really paying attention to specific words. >> Okay.
So, there was one that was like, I'm just interested to find out more about what you guys do. So, that that's like scorn. It's like looking down. Scorn is kind of looking down on. Okay. So, like I I'm above. So, I I just want to see what you guys have to offer me. So, do you see how I've put myself above you? Um there was also like I think I've I've you know I've got things pretty well figured out.
So, there's some inflation here. Now, I'm not saying that it's not true. That's why it's important that we come at it from this place because maybe I ask this guy questions and I'm like, "Ah, hey man." Like, legit, you've got some things figured out. Yeah. Nice. Okay. And now if I'm triggered by that in any way, if I'm like, "Oh man, this kind of guy.
" Where am I coming from? What level am I at? >> I'm either here or I'm here. Oh man, this guy. Oh, one of these ones. Great. And what? Low level or high level? It's low level, isn't it? And now lowle always entrenches low level. So, how can I possibly put myself in a position where I can get this guy to open up and engage with me if I'm in a lowle state as well? It's just not really going to happen.
I'm going to have a real hard time. So, but if I'm coming from this place and I hear someone like that at the beginning of a call, did you guys notice I smiled? I'm kind like, yeah. Like, I get excited about it. I'm like, awesome. This is great. It's perfect. Cuz I know what's going on. And now if someone's wearing a mask, what does that say? Does that say that that's their true self? Or does it say something different? Does it say that it's not their true self? It's not their true self.
Now, have you guys ever tried to pretend to be something that you're not? Would you say that it requires more or less energy than just being your true self? >> More. >> Yeah. And so if we were to give that mask a shape, would you say that it's light or heavy? very heavy. >> Yeah. What happens eventually when you're carrying something heavy? >> We got to put it down.
>> Yeah. Exactly. So, that's all I'm waiting for. Guess what's going to happen as I'm just curious and interested. What's going to happen? He's going to drop the mask, isn't he? Now, what's going to happen as well? I did a call breakdown of this. They dropped the mask and what you might notice is when they realize they've dropped the mask, they freak out.
and they might grab it again and you'll get one of these two. Yeah, but I don't really want to talk about that. Um, what what I'd like to know more about is cuz I know and if you hear anything like that, I know that something there there's something painful there that he doesn't want to talk about, >> you know, or you'll get the well, hey, what's with all I'm not sure what all the questions are about, but like uh I mean what I want to write.
So you'll notice that and so what I notice a lot of people do is they'll get distracted by that or go away or they they'll worry a little bit like oh I've offended this person and I know you're probably where something hurts a little bit. So with someone like that >> does that make sense? Anyone got any questions on that? Yeah, Laura.
So suppose like the way that you know Rachel presented that prospect they you say like hey looks like you you know uh inquired about XY andZ and they say oh yeah yeah you know I just you know was >> cruising around the internet and I saw you guys and I just wanted to get some more information.
It sounds like what you're saying is a good way to kind of like disarm them is to sort of almost have like a playful tell. Oh, like it sounds like you've got some some things figured out there. Like kudos to you. Like >> you know, not everyone I talk to is is that you know on top of it. >> Yeah.
always come just stay in this just stay here because neutrality is like so if I if I lean uh if I lean in if someone's leaning out yeah like that guy that you're describing if he's leaning out what happens if I lean in >> uh well some A types will like push they'll like >> Exactly. They all will. Some, they all will. All of them.
Anytime anybody is leaning out, if I lean in, they just lean out further. So then what am I going to do >> instead of leaning in? >> You lean out. >> Yeah. That's neutrality. Yeah. And sometimes I will physically lean out. I'll be like, "Oh, okay. Cool. So I guess you cruising around the internet like what was it you saw or heard from us that made you feel like uh I don't know, maybe it was worth like looking into this further?" Like I will physically lean out like I'm chill and now I'm just going to do that until what's going to eventually happen.
>> They're coming to you. >> Lean in. >> That's all you got to do. I see stuff out there like no you got to be like smash them and put them in their place and like a person in this state they don't want to be [ __ ] on. I don't need to make you feel like you're an idiot. like, you know, okay, well, hey, man, we can play that game or we can play the game where you tell me why you're here and like, you know, I don't need to do that. I just work with the person.
Works every time. It's like swim. I can I can swim against the current or I can just like be on a lio with my with my margarita and go where the current's taking me. Like, all right, cool. If you've got a mask on, that tells me that you're not you don't feel safe right now. Yeah. just a macho representation of I don't feel safe.
That's all it is though. And so I'm just going to come from this place until you feel safe. And I'm just going to be light, playful, curious, because what do I want? I'm not just in this state of neutrality. What do I want to communicate to my prospect? I want to communicate to him that I'm in this state.
And I'm not going to say, "Hey, I'm in a state of neutrality." He's going to be like, "What the [ __ ] is that?" Like, right? I'm going to communicate that through my tone, my language, my body language until he subconsciously goes, "Ah, she's not taking herself too seriously. She's not attached to she doesn't seem like she's trying to sell me anything.
She actually seems like she doesn't really care at all." >> Oh, okay. Is that sort of why like the the sales people that come across as like overly enthusiastic are really ineffective because like they when you go in they pull they pull back and they're just like that you come across as just so like so eager and desperate that um it's it's instinctively kind of repelling for people.
>> Yeah. Yes. Exactly. Exactly. Because think about it like like imag. Imagine if I'm at a bar and it doesn't matter if it's if it's like me and a and a it doesn't matter who it is, whether it's a guy or a girl, if it's romantic or friendship based. If someone just like you don't know just comes out of nowhere and they're just way over the top and too lean in.
We're always going to lean out because it's like whoa I haven't had a chance to like figure you out yet. Is this safe? Is this not safe? And so it's the same in sales. It's like and also people are questioning you know where they're like hang on you don't know me. Why are you this enthusiastic to talk to me? This is weird. This is strange.
What do you want from me? It's just how we're we're wired. And so this is just this is always where I want to like um anchor myself before my sales conversations. And like I really want to do that. And I even set myself up where it's like I'm expecting this. Expect that. It's really common. Okay. Because it's just a mask. It's like, hey, I don't feel safe yet.
And so if I can just be like light and curious and a bit playful. If you can get someone to laugh, like even a like that guards down like a lot. And I'm just paying attention to where they drop the mask because that will tell me what's really going on. And so if we were to roleplay that a little bit, like Rachel, be that guy again.
Say that thing that you said where I'm like, "All right, you know, so uh uh you know, how can I help?" >> Um I'm not really sure you can help. I was just kind of wanting to see what y what y'all got. I think I got everything figured out like marketing, how to bring leads in and stuff. >> Okay, for sure. I mean, if you got, you know, if you've got things figured out, like we we might not be able to help, I suppose.
Um, I guess in terms of like maybe what you saw or heard from us. What do you feel like it might be worth, I guess, looking into like looking into this further? >> Yeah, I kind of just saw like everybody um how they were scaling and stuff, so I was just interested. >> Yeah. I didn't know. >> Okay. Why? Why? Why were you interested in that? >> I'm kind of trapping them.
Um, >> yeah. Well, I I might have the marketing figured out, but then when I do get the leads coming in, I've never estimated before. So, and then how do I run production? So, I might just need a blueprint. >> Yeah. Okay. So, we kind of got people coming in. But yeah. All right. So, we'll just pause it there.
But do you see how guys like it's not it's not, you know, and even just be mindful of our language, too. Like I think I heard you say trapped. Did you say that? >> I said, "Yeah, no, I'm not trapping you. I'm not >> I'm just like I'm just like, oh, okay. Like, what I'm just going to lean out a bit and go, oh, okay." Yeah.
I mean, to your point, we might not be able to help. Like, what what uh what made you feel like it might make sense to look into it further? Yeah. I can even do things like, um, oh, sweet. You know, I enjoy having conversations with business owners like yourself who've got a lot of things figured out, you know, like we don't we don't really work with business owners that, you know, got nothing figured out.
Do you know what I mean? Like, uh, so, you know, it sounds like you got good foundation in place. Like, I can reward that. That's what pride wants. It wants to be patted on the back a bit. Okay. But also, you are sussing me out and and and understanding is this person worthy of my respect? And so that's equally why I don't want to lean in too hard because if I'm like leaning in, I'm really people pleasery, I'm too enthusiastic, immediately what it's going to subconsciously tell this person who's at that state of pride is like,
ah, not worthy of my respect. Okay? So like I just hold neutrality and as they start to open up, as it as the guard starts to drop, they start to open up, then I start to shift a bit more into willingness. willingness is more like intentional and I'm I'm like moving the conversation forward now. But at the start when you're not playing ball yet, I just hold I just hold in neutrality and we will just stay there until I get something that allows me to now move the conversation forward.
Okay. But sometimes the trickiest part is not letting them trigger us. Laura, do you think that um a types are harder to sell to? >> I don't I just don't one I don't really believe I think 90% of the time when sales reps think they're talking to someone who's a type. They're not at all. Like an A type by definition.
I don't really like the whole like disc profile stuff anyway. I think it's too narrow. Like four. What you going to freaking people in four quadrants? Like no. I just think it's stupid. Personal opinion. But like if we look at what a definition A type is, it's like an analytical person, right? Like they're but it's like most of the time no people are saying I'm talked to a lot of A types and they're just talking to people who have a pride mask up and they don't know how to talk to them.
Do you think there's a correlation between that type of let's just call it analytical personality if you don't like the A type designation like do you think there that that that sort of profile has a greater tendency toward that kind of >> uh as you you indicated here like the pride is born and so on um than say like other personality types >> or just a natural human >> like a hate a type or anything like that.
I think what I don't like is I think a lot of sales reps the by them giving individuals that label it it if influences how they view them. So now they put them in this oh this is an A type and they start to freak out and now we we [clears throat] behave differently. So like like let's say that in my mind I I tell myself that an A type is more difficult to sell to or have conversations with.
How do you think what state might I slip into? Have a look at these lowle states. What state do you feel like I might slip into when I realize I'm speaking to someone who's an A type? >> Yeah, I'm not sort of pandering and kind of like sick of >> Yeah, I can slip into this and I start to withdraw. So, I start to minimize.
I start to shrink. I start to uh now I'm nervous and it's influenced my behavior and then now I'm going to get the outcome that I don't want, which is to have a terrible conversation with this person who's a type and they don't buy. So, I think that's my bigger problem with the A type thing is like, >> you know what I mean? It's like a lot of times people aren't truly a type.
It's just a mask that they've got on. And then sometimes you will get these true like analytical types and I would say that like >> they're kind of here. But, but the thing is most people aren't. It's they're acting like they're coming from this place, but really it's just this. Because 90% of the time, you'll have these people like Rachel had just there.
They come on and go, "Oh, I've got heaps. I've got I've got most things figured out." Within 3 minutes, we're realizing, "Ah, actually there's heaps that are isn't figured out." And they're opening up and they're telling me that. I'm like, "You know, I ain't have it all." So I think like remembering just to again if I come back to this, this is all about like letting go of any assumptions or any opinions that we can sometimes make when we get into a call and someone starts to talk a certain way and I label them. I make an assumption
about them and like it does me a really great disservice because now it's going to it's influencing my view sorry how I view them. Yeah. And now I'm instead of viewing this conversation like ah it's all good. Now I'm starting to view this conversation like it's a little bit frightening. Okay. Or right.
Or I'm starting to view this conversation like it's demanding. Like this is going to be hard work. And we know that like our emotional state influences our behavior. And so whether I like it or not, it's going to start to influence how I communicate. Both my verbal and my non-verbal communication. It's going to influence my tone.
That's a big one. If you've ever tried to pretend like you're not frustrated, people can sniff it. I've had prospects say to me, "I feel like you're frustrated with me." And I'm like, "Yep, damn it, you caught me out." 100% I am. Even though I think I'm doing a really good job of like, okay, so it's like that's where this stuff is like important, you know? And so if I can if I can um if I can uh recognize that then you'll just find that at the beginning of these conversations suddenly my view my perception of like have you heard the
saying by Wayne Dyier the uh you change the way you look at things the things you look at change. You guys heard that it's all about this. So if I change my perception of like what it means to be like like the A type prospects like if I just decide you know what moving forward from today there's no such thing as a type people they don't exist then suddenly or I change my perception and go you know what like I've got so much evidence to suggest that I'm really good at having conversations with a type people then suddenly my perception
when I realize I'm in a conversation When an A type person goes from being frightening to being feasible, I'm like, "Oh, I got this." Or even satisfactory, like, "Oh, yeah, like it's all good." Or hopeful, like, "Oh, awesome. I'm so glad that I'm talking to this kind of person. I'm really good at these conversations.
" And so, it's as much about like basically uh persuading ourselves. I think in sales, the the number one person that we need to persuade above everyone else is just ourel. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. Yeah, that's super helpful. I mean, I I would definitely say like >> I definitely think that's super helpful because like >> you know I I think it's I mean there's I think there's just such a thing as personality and then people are just different and so like some people are like more sort of driven and like >> those types of people will try to hijack
the frame for me from the very beginning and they'll try to drive the conversation forward and they'll like they'll try to interview me and they'll say like well I've got a they'll start the call be like well yeah >> listen I got some questions for you sir how how much is that how long it's going to take and like >> Yeah.
>> Um >> Yeah. >> And so like but I I liked how you were saying so really it regardless of whether they're like having like I don't know a really hard day and like they just want to get things done or they're an A type regardless it sounds like you handle it kind kind of like the same way like you're you're playful.
Yeah, >> you kind of you kind of say like, "Oh, >> and what does that like what does that tell you that person is is trying to accomplish by like, hey, I've got questions for you." And they're trying to steal the frame or steal the control of the conversation. Like, what are they trying to accomplish subconsciously? >> Well, they're they're it's they're being it's the the pride like the the need for control, the need for the mask.
Before you go further, I want you to realize like like I want everyone here to realize that you nailed it. The need for control. And so if I recognize that that's what that person is subconsciously wanting right now because control makes me feel safe, then what do I give that person? What am I going to give that person to satisfy that need for control so that he stops trying to get it? I'm going to give him a sense of control, aren't I? How might I do that? >> Oh, that's no problem.
We can go through all that. And it's really just going to >> Yeah. Give it to them. So like what I do with anybody like that is like especially like if we use a frame for example. A frame is like I'm telling this person hey here's how I want this conversation to go here. Yeah. Here's what I want to get out of it. I'm telling you unconsciously here's how I'm going to control this conversation.
And so what I like to do especially with people where I'm getting a sense of that at the beginning is at the end of my frame where I'm like you know would that help you? and they're like, "Yes." I follow up with, "Hey, now can I ask like what is it that you're hoping to get out of a conversation with me today?" And I give them a false sense of control.
Now, a lot of sales reps will be nervous about doing that cuz they're like, "Well, I can't now. I'm not in control. I'm giving away my control momentarily." But what you have to realize is it's intentional. Okay? So, because now if we think about it, why might a lot of sales reps freak out a little bit if we ask that kind of question? What type of things might somebody say? Like if I was like Bradley with that type of person you're talking about if I said to you, um, hey, I wanted to ask though, uh, what what are
you hoping to get out of a conversation with me today? What are some of the things that they might say that you don't always like to hear? >> No. Tell me how much it costs. How long does it take? Like what scholarships do you have? Give just give me the answer and then we'll >> Okay. Yeah, sweet.
More than happy to go over all of that. Those are great questions. We'll definitely cover all of that. Um, I guess first like what I probably need to understand a little bit more first is next question. So, the sales reps freak out about that and they go, "Oh, um, yeah, that that that's not a problem at all. Um, we can definitely do that.
Uh, I I guess like it's probably going to be more appropriate first if and they go on this big long winded thing that basically just says to this person, oh, I freaked them out just then. Whereas I'm like, uh-huh. Yeah, cool. Okay, hey, great questions. More than happy to go over all the details with you. I probably just need to understand a bit more.
Like, it's really going to depend whatever that is. And I'm just going to transition to my next question. So, what am I saying to that part of you that wants control? Okay, cool. I'm in control. I'm going to get my questions answered. I'm going to get what I want. And now I relax. Because here's the thing.
If I don't ask you that question, does that mean all those questions that you just threw at me don't exist? Or do they exist? And you're just going to carry them with you through this entire conversation. >> Yeah. The ladder. I mean, they're still going to be there. >> Exactly. So now you've been able to get it all off your chest and I don't be weird and go, "Oh, uh, we we'll talk about that in a minute.
" and I'm evasive. I go, "Oh, for sure." Yeah, those are good questions. We can go over all that. Yeah, no big deal. What am I saying? I'm neutral. Oh, yeah. I'm not concerned about that. Yeah, for sure. We'll go over all that. Hey, first though, can you tell me a bit more about And they're like, "Cool. I get my questions answered.
" So, it's not trying to hide anything. All right. I don't come at this place of like ego either. Yeah. like like I'm not going to answer those right now. I'm not I'm not coming from that place. I'm just like perfect. Yeah. Awesome. I'm so glad you got those questions. Tells me you're actually serious. You know what I mean? Be surprised.
A lot of people get on calls like this. I got absolutely no questions for me. It's really weird. So, I'm glad you got a bunch of questions. We can go over those in a minute. Um I wanted to ask you first though. I'm just going to need to understand more. Can you tell me more more about this? You're like, "Oh, yeah, sure.
Now, I don't know about you guys, but is that easier than like to me that feels easier, more enjoyable? Yeah. >> Now, I know I've gone down a bit of a teaching avenue, so I want to open it up to you guys. I imagine some of you came on with maybe specific questions or maybe you're like, "Screw those questions that I had.
I've got more questions about this." Like, I'll open it up to you guys now. >> I got a couple questions on this. um like and I've never kind of identified these on the call and then try to figure out how to you know talk to them. So I guess my questions are one how do you start identifying you know where people are at and then how because I'm sure you treat them differently depending on where they're at >> on there.
>> So how could taking some steps forward and that I >> I think like a good place to start is just like uh where is this? My screen's frozen. Um, hang on. I'll just show you this one because I've just broken it. Playbook canvas just frozen on me. All right, here we go. It's working again now. Um, so I think a good place to start is just like understanding the characteristics between like the high level and lowle states.
Um, now the reality is that in the area of life that you're speaking with somebody about, most of the time they'll be in a low-level state because most human beings are not very proactive creatures. We're not scheduling sales calls to have conversations to get help with something that uh in an area of our life that we're kind of feel really really good about.
Um, most of the time it's because there's, you know, for most people we're running away from pain. We're not very proactive as in we're like wanting to avoid future pain. Now, that's definitely the case. There's certainly some accounts, especially when you look at like those really like higher level accounts where maybe we're talking with business owners who have got a lot of things figured out and maybe they're at the point where they're like their life is sorted.
They're not in this survival paradigm anymore. they're looking to become a better family man or um they're looking to become you know the better a better version of them or it's about legacy or impact or leveraging their time like you know if you're on these big high ticket um those kinds of like accounts you'll speak with a lot of business owners who are less running from pain and they're more running towards something but that's I'd say that's like 10% most of the time most of us are speaking with business owners or individuals who are
in a lowle state in this area of their life. And so that's just a good loose assumption to make. Yeah. Is that like I probably wouldn't be speaking to this person if they weren't if they're 100% happy with this area of their life, which means that this area of their life that is either a source of frustration in some way.
Okay? It might be a source of like they are craving a result or something that they don't yet have. Um maybe there's some fear around this area of their life. Uh maybe there's some grief they're looking at like time lost, opportunity missed out on. Maybe there's some some guilt, you know, I I I should have done more or whatever like or shame, you know what I mean? Like there's going to be something here.
And I think just understanding the characteristics of these different states. And so down here is just it's all just survival paradigm. They're they're very focused on like the self and they're generally focused on the past and some type of source of pain. Like we can only experience pain now when we look at the past. The source is always the past. Okay.
Um whereas these high level states are focused on like future and growth and possibility and it's very grounded. It's very like uh future focused and this is all very like um you know like for example you telling me you being that business owner who was like well I I'm I got the marketing sorted but when I get them like I don't know how to estimate I don't know how to yada yada yada how does somebody typically feel when we don't know how to do something do we feel positive >> sense of hopelessness >> yeah Yeah, there's there's or
frustration or you know or if or let's say I don't know how to estimate and I'm estimating wrong and then I'm looking at my numbers and going oh my god I've done all of this work and it wasn't none of it was actually profitable cuz I messed up the estimations how am I feeling then and so you just chunk that down enough and you can see like okay most of the time and now think about it like it's always a scale okay like I could be like I could be uh apathetic 10 out of 10.
Or it could just be there could just be a little bit there could just be a little bit of like yeah look I mean I just I don't know whether there's much different I can be doing. It could just be like light. So I think if a good place to start is like just understanding that and then when you're hearing the language and you're hearing the tone it's like ah okay that's telling me that they're kind of down here. Okay.
And now that doesn't always mean that they're like in that state either. It can just be a source of it because you've imagined the nature of a sales conversation. We kind of take them on this roller coaster ride, don't we? Yeah. And if I'm asking you questions about this area of your life and what's going on in it that you don't like, then I'm going to trigger some type of low-level emotion anyway.
But it's tactical because that's sort of that tension almost. And then if I'm asking you, okay, so if this is how it sort of feels for you right now, this is your current experience, how would you want things to be different? And so what I'm asking them to do is describe to me what high level would be. Okay.
So if we've been focusing on past pain and what's not going well and then I say to you knowing that this is people here are focused on future and growth and possibility. I say to you okay so suppose we could sit you down and we could help you to implement the right systems the right processes so that the next time you got an inquiry through you knew exactly how to estimate it.
you knew exactly how to estimate it to make sure your profits are exactly where they needed to be. It took you very little time and you know all those leads that you're getting like you're able to convert them into clients, the business is more profitable and you can actually start to do X and Y and Z like you're wanting.
How would things be different for you then? Do you see what we're doing? So I'm I'm now I'm shifting their focus. That's the power of like a sales conversation is like if you think about it, our thoughts influence our emotions and our emotions influence our behavior. Our behavior influences our results. And so the nature of asking questions in a sales conversation or in any conversation is what am I dictating? Your thoughts, which means I'm also dictating what? Your emotions.
So, if I've got this area of your life that you're not happy with and I'm just asking you questions about it, like what am I going to do? You're thinking there's a some type of negative association there and you're thinking about that area and then there's negative association, negative meaning. You're communicating that to me that's creating like a negative emotion.
But the same is true then if I go, okay, what do you want instead? So, that's why I always like people just want a different experience. And so if you're having that conversation with a business owner like that or or Bradley like one of your college students and they're describing to you their current experience that they're not happy with like give me an example Bradley for you like say I'm a college or you're a one of your college students you're talking to and you're kind of like all right just tell me what's up what's going on
and you just be just be really open with me just throw it at me. >> Oh yeah. will say things like, "Well, you know, I'm a senior in college and I'm studying psychology and >> yeah, >> you know, I'm not really sure what I want to do after graduation, but I, you know, when I was a kid, you know, I had this dream, I guess, of psychologist >> and um, you know, I'm just kind of thinking about it in terms of what to do uh what to do next.
" >> Okay, cool. So then, okay, that one's not too bad. Like Rachel, you give me one. I want to I want another example so I can really articulate this. Give me an example of what a business owner might say who is like quite open with you about like shit's not working right now. What might they say? >> Um yeah.
I mean I I can't ever find any good help. They they they come and then they leave when they I trade them up and I just can't ever find good help around here. >> Okay, cool. Now pause. I go Okay, so if that's been your experience up until this point, how how would you want things to be different? uh just find someone that's you know willing to stay here and like build the company with me and be dependable.
>> Yeah. Okay. How how would that help you being able to to to do that? >> Um I wouldn't have to keep retraining and you know wasting my time on new people coming through. >> Okay. >> Cool. So what have I got right there? I've got negative current experience and you've just given me the new experience that you want moving forward.
That's what you sell. That's what they're buying. They want the new experience. So everything, the whole nature of our conversation is like, "Okay, cool. So like, suppose we can help you to do that instead of you feeling like you can't find anyone to work. You're constantly hiring and firing and retraining and going through all that stress and that frustration and just feeling like, you know, you're just spinning your wheels in your business.
Instead, we can sit down, we map out a process, and we find you the right people to hire like we have for all of our other clients. And you don't have to hire anymore. You can find one to two good people that have the skill sets that you need. They want to be there. You train them once and they stay with you.
And you're just able to focus on growing the business instead. How would that change things for you? Do you see what we're doing? We're just we're just refraraming the experience. That's good. >> Yeah. And so then if you can understand that just as a good starting ground is like a lot of this is going to be focused on because it's the survival paradigm.
It's going to be a lot of focus on you'll hear it in their language, their tone. They'll be talking about which indicates they're focusing on and thinking about what they don't like. And you know, we just need we just know then that there's going to be ne some type of negative emotion there. Like I cannot talk to you about something that hasn't a negative association and not feel some type of negative way about it.
Like yeah, I might need to sit there a bit to get that feeling, but the reality is it is there. It is definitely there. And then what I want is I want to feel a different way. That's all that humans want. Like I don't No one wants a million-dollar house on the beach. They want to feel how it feels, how they imagine it would feel to have the million dollar house on the beach.
You guys see what I'm saying? And so if you can just notice that, okay? And when you're hearing like just think negative charge, like language that's got some type of negative charge, right? Negative focus, it just tells me that, okay, cool. This is where we're at. And then I'm just looking for the theme because like the nature of a sales conversation is is a bit of an emotional roller coaster.
But what I'm trying to understand is like when I'm looking at their current situation and I'm looking at what problems they're having at the moment or what they might be looking for help with, I'm really listening to that tone and that language to tell me what's the predominant state that they're kind of in in this area of their life.
Okay? And at the end of the day, that doesn't matter so much as well, where do I need to get them? And I need to get them to here because the this is where change happens. The change does not happen below courage. And so I just need to get them to at least there in this in relation to this.
And I'd say a lot of people, the way that I like to look at it is like you tell me, does it really matter what state they're in down here, if they've if they've chosen to be on this sales call having a conversation in this area of their life, even if they are in a state of apathy, you being here on this call, what does it tell me? What is it an example of? It's an example of courage, isn't it? If you're anxious and afraid, but you're here on this call talking to me about it, what is that an example of? Courage.
If you're in a state of pride, puffing out your chest, you're a bit closed off. I know that's just an example of fear anyway. It's just fear with a mask on. So again, it's still an example of courage. And so I always just look at it like immediately just them being on this call is an example of courage.
And that at minimum is where I need them to be. And so we have this conversation and then I just steer it towards future focus. So that's why if you look at the latter half of the conversation, yeah, depending on what sales process you use, but I'm most familiar with like NBQ, the latter half of the sales conversation is like if we look at solution awareness, it is what have you tried before today to resolve the problem so that you can get what you want? Future focus and solution focus, growth focus. What do you feel like you
would need? What's your ideal criteria to feel confident that you could solve this problem and get what you want? It's very solve the problem focus, future focus, growth focus. Okay? If we could solve that problem, you could get what you want. How would that change things for you? Future focus. Okay? And then we go into consequence and it's like, all right, like what is it that concerns you the most? If nothing were to change or if nothing were to change, where where might that lead you? Are you willing to settle for
that? You want that reality. No, I don't. Why not? Well, I want this reality. It's See, it's very, no, I'm not willing to settle for that. It's very like willing. No, I want to do something about it. No, I don't want this anymore. Okay. And then we go into the pitch, which is very like, cool. Here's how we're going to get to work and we're going to solve this.
It's very solution focused, isn't it? So, the first half of that conversation is very cool. Let's figure out this state here. Yeah. And then I shift the whole combo this way. Don't I? Does that make sense, guys? Makes >> a lot of sense. I feel like I'm just dipping my toes in the water with all this, though. And that's okay.
I just want you to do you see what I mean by just a very good place to start is just the low level is where is their focus and like there's a negative charge and what's not working well. But you just approaching that from a very like a very neutral standpoint. Like I'm always just like no matter how bad they given it to me about where they are right now, I'm like that's perfect.
That's perfect. You're exactly where you need to be right now. And they're like what? This is perfect. And you know what? It's cool that you're here having this conversation. Like, it's refreshing to have a conversation with someone like yourself who's willing to like go, you know what? I don't have all the answers and and what I'm doing is not working.
Like, that's really cool. You know what? It's also really cool to have a conversation with someone like yourself who's who's saying to me like, "I've got some things figured out, but I've also got some things I haven't figured out yet." That's cool as well. And so, I just approach every conversation I have with people like, "Oh man, this is so good.
" And they're like, "What? like look how good this is. Like it can only get better from here. You know what I mean? And they're like, "Oh." Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. I guess that's true. Yeah. Hadn't thought of it that way. That's all I want from people. Like this is all very disempowered. Low level is just disempowered.
You'll hear it in people's language and their tone. Like they're just doubting themselves in some way or like ah, you know, it's a bit disempowered. This is all just empowered. And so I just look at this conversation as like I just get to empower this person. Like hey, if this is your current reality, do you want a different one? You do? Okay.
Why is that? Most people don't. Like how soon do you want that reality though? Why is that reality so important to you? You want it now? Like when? Like Okay, sweet. Like let's do that then. And then I just always preface it like it's going to be a bit it's going to be a bit uncomfortable. Are you sure? It's like it's going to be uncomfortable.
You know what I mean? Like everything you've done up until now has got you here. It's not going to get you to the next level of like where you want to go. Like are you sure? Like what if it's scary? Oh, that's okay. Are you really? Like you you cool with that? Can I hold you accountable with that? Okay. And then like either you get no objections.
Most of my sales are no objections at all. or the objections that I get are either all logistical, but they're like chomping at the bit. They're like, "Man, I want this. I'm going to figure this out." Or it's like a three out of 10. And I can literally say to people, "Okay, hey man, like the fear's creeping up, isn't it?" Yeah, it is.
Do you want some help with that? Yeah, I do. Okay, let's talk about it. You know what I mean? It's like like when we're not having that conversation, this one here, then we get that's where we get to the end. And what happens is like you don't just get a little spike of fear. It become they they shift entirely. They freak out.
And then remember what the um where is it? You you guys can still see my screen. Can you see my little sheet? >> Look. What's the behavioral process for fear? withdrawal. >> Get out of there. Oh, yeah. I I I know. I just I just Yeah, like I just I just got to go. I just got to think about it. I just got to like Yeah, just give I just give me some time.
Like they just we'll draw we'll draw. Just makes sense. But if I've had that conversation that I've been talking with you guys about, it's like they don't do that anymore. Instead, it's this. It's like I I'm afraid, but I'm willing to have this conversation. I want help with it. Help me. Yeah. Or you know what? Let's do it.
Let's do it. I want to do this. Or you know what? Like I'm mad at myself that I I know I should have done more. I could have done more, but like I'm at the point where like I'm better than this and I'm better than this. Yeah, let's do it. Let's go get it. It's just so much fun to have these conversations.
So, if you can just go into every single conversation being like, "Man, I'm so excited to just like empower this person." They feel that. They're like, "Oh, they it's like it's um what's the word?" It's people feel drawn to that. It's very magnetic. I got time for another question or two before I wrap things up, but you can tell I'm get passionate about this stuff.
Uh is this helpful? Like I want to know as well. Do you guys feel like I know it's a bit esoterical sometimes, but do you guys feel like you've got a thing or two, even just a way a a a perspective shift? Have you got something you feel like you can take into your next sales conversations that's a bit different to to before the conversation today? >> Yeah, definitely.
I one one question I had though was um something I guess something I struggle with is eliciting that sense of pain from people because my solution is not really necessarily like a problemolving thing like I mean in a way it is but but uh it's not it's it's not always the case that like my prospects are like in a lot of pain.
Um like some of them like I was saying are they're college students and they're just like life is good, they're young, they're you know >> what are they coming to you for specifically? >> Well, so yeah. Oh. Oh, it's a it's a it's a side doctoral program in psychology. So they they get this doctorate and they become psychologists.
Um um but like it's not it's a it's a it's a different it seems like a different animal than selling >> um like insurance. Hey, help me help me understand more. So, I'm a college student. I like what schedule some time to speak with you. What's the context of the conversation that I'm having with you? Why have I reached out to you? I mean, >> yeah.
So, so like sometimes they'll they'll hear about us by word of mouth or through a Facebook or Instagram ad about a a doctoral program in psychology. Um, ours happens to be uh Catholic and Christian um in addition to being, you know, psychologically accredited. Uh and so they'll click on the ad and fill out a brief survey about know where they live.
>> Okay. So is it about furthering their studies? >> Mhm. Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. So I would say that that's like with the limited information that I have to me this is an example of probably of this where they are like higher level state and it's more like I just I am looking to further my studies. So you can immediately tell where is their focus.
Is it on like past pain and what's not going well or is it like this is the next level that I need to take in order to like further my career? >> Yeah, I more I mean especially with the younger ones like with the college students is more the like how what can I do to further my career? Um sometimes I'll I'll deal with people who are like you know well into their career.
this is like less often the case like they're or actually maybe more often is is somebody that's like maybe mid20s and they're they're in a career they don't really enjoy you know say that they decided to become an engineer and accountant and they're bored and they want to do something more interesting um and in that case that can actually be I'd argue arguably more easier to sell because I can dive into their pain more readily and they can say hey like you know I'll say like you know tell me so what are you doing right now for work oh like I'm
an accountant oh How do you how do you like that? Oh, like yeah, it's okay. I mean, so do you% >> that's like Bizop like with Rachel. Rachel's got two avatars as well. Like and and that is an example of the bizop one where they're they're like there's something about the the trajectory of their life right now that they're not 100% happy with.
And like yeah, there's going that that's possibly where there's going to be lowle state. And if that's the conversation that we're having, then yeah, you're on the money bet where I want to have that conversation around like, okay, well, what are you doing at the moment? how long you've been doing it for.
Okay, so you've been doing that for like five years now. Has something happened recently or what's got you feeling like you might want to make a a transition out of being an accountant into like psychology? Like what's what's behind that? That's where you'll find where the pain point is. >> But I don't know if you've got like do you speak to some people who are maybe they've done some psychology study already and this is more like a an extension of >> Oh yeah, absolutely.
>> Okay. two types of people and then that one >> like >> I'd probably need to understand like more about it but I'd say that um you know I mean is there something about the type of psychology they're doing at the moment that they're not 100% happy with and that's why they're looking to further their study with you and if so what is that? >> Yeah, sometimes I'll get uh masters level counselors people that have like masters in counseling and they're uh dissatisfied because they want to do psychological evaluation. and they want
to do testing and personality testing and cognitive testing. They want to have like an elevated some some of it is like I feel like I also sell like a emotional uh solution for people like it fulfills an emotional need like having the status of a doctorate and being able to uh you know diagnose more complicated and sophisticated cases with people that kind of stuff. Yeah.
So, I would say to that, I think even in your language there, there's some type of dissatisfaction and it might be it might be a status thing. Sometimes it might be the level of impact that they feel like they're able to have with the qualifications that they currently have. And so, when they view that area of their life or like let's say they view someone like like you. Yeah.
uh then they it triggers an emotion in them where they're like, "Oh man, like I want to be like this guy where he can like he can do things and help people in a way that I'm not able to do because I don't have the qualifications and the skill sets to do that." And that's where the emotion is going to be. Um I would say that like yeah, in both instances often times with that kind of person, the pain point is frustration.
It's not like it might not necessarily be fear or apathy or something like that. Sometimes you might get some grief like maybe I'll just give you a random example. Maybe they they grew up going I want to be a psychologist and somewhere along the way they had this moment where they like ah I don't know if I can handle all the study and all of that.
Maybe I'll just do counseling instead. That will get me the same out. I'll go do counseling. And now they're looking back and going why did I do that? Like all I ever wanted to do was to do psychology and I end up going this counseling route and now I've lost I've lost 10 years of my life because I didn't now I'm trying to make up for lost time.
There might be some grief there and like where you're like how long like how long would you say that you wanted to do psychology for? You're like oh well actually >> I always wanted to do it. I just I I don't know why I end up going the counseling route and it's like ah cool. Okay. So there might be some like grief there.
So what they're looking to do is like avoid the idea there is some current pain and it might be some grief or there might be some frustration but sometimes the bigger driver is avoiding future pain which is getting to 80 years old on their deathbed looking back and going I never did that. I never did that. Okay. And so what I'm selling there if I'm understanding that person Yeah.
is like if that's the state this person is in here is grief and they're focusing on the time that they've lost then what you're selling Bradley is making sure that they don't waste another minute having to look at their life and going >> I I didn't live up to my potential and I didn't do the things I said I was going to do and I didn't and I wasted any more time.
>> So if you can figure out that and that that it becomes apparent to you that that's kind of the driver. ah this is a person that >> well that's so like that's a good that exactly because in like in consequence when I say like so you're you're doing this and you know that's fairly decent. I mean what happens though if you keep on doing your like your counseling gig at the master level you just keep on doing that like what happens and and you don't apply to the doctor what happens what happens then you know uh and then
sometimes >> I wouldn't ask it like that though >> how would you understand it's about the identity and it's about them like if there's grief there now yeah how could you word that in a way that helps me to like that is geared more towards that like I'll give you an example okay so I mean on the flip side suppose that I mean you don't you don't do anything to kind of further your studies like like you just stick with counseling like you have been and you never put yourself in that position where you're able to have
the you know where you're able to you know where you get the piece of paper and you're able to sit down and and you're able to have those those those conversations with people and have the level of impact that you're wanting and another two days two years two decades go by you're looking back and and like psychology was just a thing that you that you always thought about doing but never did.
What happens then? Do you see the difference? >> Yeah. To kind of pack in the emotional it well, it's almost like you've an you've sort of already answered the question in the question, right? Because you're you're you're preloading their mind with like the emotional kind of impact that you're going for in the question itself. >> Yeah.
because I've understood that that driver that state that they're in now is like grief like time I've missed out on or like you know right and and and I'm like so rather than just a what happens if you don't do anything it's a very like flat kind of consequence question if I understood that that's what that person's driver is it's like okay well the flip side like you don't make that transition you don't step into the shoes of that version of you who gets that certificate and you just you just keep doing what you're doing like you're just keeping a
counselor and you're looking back 10 years from now going, man, I didn't do it. >> Yeah. >> What would that be like? H that would be awful, would it? Why? It just be like, yeah, I guess it would just be it would be regret. Like, >> okay, how much more time are you willing to potentially waste? That's really good because like sometimes that question will land really well and people intuitively understand exactly what I'm getting at and they'll say like things like oh my gosh like I mean that sounds awful or I would regret it or
>> blah blah blah or sometimes they'll say I don't I don't know what what are you talking like I don't understand the question that you're asking. Um, >> yeah. So, what you need to do is find out how long they've wanted to let's say you've got that example. How long have they have they felt like they might want to become a psychologist for 10 years? >> Okay.
And and like why did they want to do that in the first place? And so, what's held them back in the last 10 years? And what you'll probably find is something to do with this. >> Yeah. And then that becomes your consequence question. Okay? Because it's causing this, but this is what's held them back. So it's like you don't make that transition.
Like you just you continue to allow that fear of like ah what if what if I can't do it yada yada yada to hold you back and instead of looking back 10 years from now being like looking at this incredible career you had as a psychologist, you're looking back and going I never did it. what what happens then? Do you see? So now I've made the consequence about the identity because they if they've told me that's what's sort of held them back in the past.
So that's what I want you to think about every time you're having that conversation with that person. And it doesn't matter if they're a counselor now and and doing some form of helping people, but they want to take it to the next level or if they're like an accountant or a truck driver or something. find out how long how long have you felt like you might want to pursue a career in in in this.
>> Yeah. And I do ask that question. Yeah. >> Good. And then really got to go that >> this this sounds I mean this sounds important to you like help me help me understand like what >> like what's held you back before now from from having done it. You got to really slow that question down because I want the real answer.
I don't want the oh, you know, life just got busy this and that. I'm like, you know what? What what's really what's really held you back from? Because that I mean that is a that is a common response I'll get like oh like life happened I got married and then like I had children and then whatever and then but it sounds like you're saying >> asking the question I can tell from your you've got quite a clinical tone and obviously I'm not I haven't heard a sales conversation so I don't know how your tone differs in a sales
conversation but if I ask you like this like okay so 10 years I mean what what sold you between then and now from from just having done it. Oh, I don't know. You know, life gets busy. And so, if I ask it in quite a flippant and quick way, you'll get those kinds of responses. But if I ask it like this, Bradley, or like I did where it's like, hey, can I can I ask like like help me connect the dots cuz this seems important to you.
What's what's held you back between then and now from like from having from having done it? You can be real with me. >> So, more like a a curious tone. >> Well, it's more concern. >> Concerns. I look how much I paced that question out >> where what I'm implying to you is like, hey, there's something there's something real here. There's something important.
It's like a Do you have kids, Bradley? >> No. >> No. Uh I imag I mean I don't either, but I imagine it like this cuz I've been that child where like the school's called my mom and been like Laura was real naughty. This is what happened. And I get home and mom sits me down and she goes, "Honey, I'm not going to be mad at you.
I just I just want you to tell me the truth. What happened at school?" And I'm like, "Okay, this is what happened." It's like that tone. It's like, "Hey, be be real with me. I'm not going to be mad. I'm not going to judge you." Like, just just be real with me. As opposed to, "Hey, honey, sit down. You know, teacher call. What happened to school today?" Oh, I don't know.
like just like this happened, you know, and and I'm real flippant in my reply. >> I'm like, "Okay, sit down." Like like be real with me. What? Um like what what's held you back. And you're like, "Oh, I've been seen." Okay. Now, you still might sometimes get that like, "Oh, just life and this and that." But even then, I can go, okay, yeah.
And I mean, I can I can appreciate that that that maybe it's felt a little bit like life's got in the way. Um, can can I ask though and be real with me and be more importantly be real with yourself? Like, how come you've let life get in the way of of something that's like seems really important to you, though? >> I can just loop it back around.
But even just that adjusting how you ask that question like you're really sitting there with it will will influence the the the responses that you get. >> Yeah. And if you there's things like that you're getting a lot of like oh life got in the way or whatever just say besides that you know besides like I don't know life getting in the way and all those things that we sort of tell ourselves you know what I mean like like be real with me what's what's really held you back between then and now from like having having made this happen
>> I know you guys, but even me just saying that feels heavy. It's like, >> yeah, it I I'm reminded of you sort of like uh I've been told by by other, you know, trainers that one thing we're not supposed to do is kind of buy into their story. Is that an example of buying into people's narratives about their past and their reasons and so on? >> Is what an example? So like when like when when you say like it's they give you the the line of well life happened, I got married, I had kids and so on.
If I if I like took that at face value and then moved on to the next question, it sounds like I would be kind of like buying into their story. >> Yes, sort of. But also more importantly, more critically, you're allowing them to continue to sell themselves on that story >> and that story doesn't serve them. The easiest way to not buy into and or allow someone to continue to sell themselves a story that's not serving them is to just ask yourself and you guys, it's so easy for you to do that is just sit down with a pen and paper for 5 minutes and write
out like who is the 10 out of 10 version of them that they need to be in order to make this goal that I can help them to accomplish a reality. What are the qualities and the traits, the attributes that that version of them needs to have? And you can just use anybody as like an example.
Like for example, Bradley, if you are in the position that the people you're speaking to want to be in, what are the qualities and the attributes and the traits that have been required to put yourself in this position? And so, for example, now as I'm hearing them speak, if they say something like, "Oh, well, life got in the way." Then very quickly you ask yourself, okay, well, did I allow life to get in the way? Like if I had to let life get in the way, would I be in the position I'm in now, which is the position they want to be in? No. Okay. Therefore, that's
not serving them. And we need to talk about that. >> Does that make sense? >> Sure. If I use an example, they might say like, [clears throat] oh, just like my entire family is like really overweight. And it's like, well, if I know that like someone who's in has the goal like the uh the results that they want would just never say that they that just isn't conducive with the results they want.
Okay, we got to talk about that. Yeah. Now, I can empathize and go, hey, I can completely appreciate that like getting fit and getting healthy has been a challenge for you if if the only people you're surrounded by are people who aren't fit and aren't healthy. I can empathize with that. Like that certainly doesn't make it easy.
I suppose like how much longer though are you willing to allow circumstances to kind of dictate your future moving forward? Like no, I don't want to. You know, so it's like, do you know what I mean? If you are clear on like who they need to be to get the results they want, then anytime you hear a little story like that, like life's got in the way, then I don't I'm not going to let myself buy into it.
Now, I I never jump to conclusions. I always clarify because life got in the way. Might be like, I don't know, something terrible actually happened to them. And it's like, okay, cool. Like, that's I don't know, maybe I just mean I always clarify just to be sure. But if most of the time it's like if I'm like, "Oh, what do you mean life got in the way?" I'm like, "Oh, you know, just like work got busy, you know, kids and this and that.
" I'm like, "Okay, that's just life. That's just life." If someone is like, "Oh, well, I got diagnosed with cancer and I've been dealing with that the last 10 years and now I've got given the old clear and now I want to get on with my goals." I'm like, "Oh, okay, cool. That's different." It's like I'm listening into the language of like, are they still kind of selling them that themselves that story or are they done with it? Cuz there's a difference, isn't there? I can say like life I've allowed life to get in the way, but I'm not willing to allow
life to get in the way anymore. And it's like cool, good on you. Cut on the back. Or is it like a oh well you know life's just got in the way. Okay well that's a bit different. >> Does that make sense? >> Yeah. It kind of reminds me of a little bit of objection handling because like when they they'll bring something up like you know cost or something and then or or better actually a better example would be the objection like I need to think about it and then and then you can I don't know there's I guess there's
different ways to handle that but you I mean one way is to kind of like you know between you and me and like you know off the record what's what's really holding you back you know something like because like I it just it reminds me of the way that people have these um ways of like kind of what you were saying before about the way that they people frame their situations and one frame is like I can't afford it, you know.
Uh >> yeah, >> which like that's that's a subjective thing. I mean that's not necessarily a fact of of any place. Well, I mean the anytime someone's giving an objection, are they focused on what they want or are they focused on what they don't want? >> What they don't want. >> Yeah. Exactly.
So, in that instance, like I can't afford it. They're focused on like uh what what they don't have. So, it's either they're focusing on what they don't want or they can't do or their limitations. They're focusing on like limitations. It's disempowering >> because if if their focus was 100% just on what they want and and they're in an empowered state, >> how might that person even communicate that differently? They might say to you like, "Hey, I I want to do this.
I'm all in um between you and me." Like, I don't have that money in my account right now. Like, that's a real thing. But do you have like options? Like, how can we figure this out? So, do you see it's very resourceful? Like I can say I can't afford it because that might be true. I just literally might not have the money in my bank account like hey man I can't afford that but I want to do this and if you tell me what I need to do like I'll figure it out.
There's a difference between that because that's very empowered and just a oh it's that much like I can't I can't afford it so oh well I guess that's my reality now. Abdication. >> Mhm. >> Oh it's that much. Ah I can't afford that. and you can't afford it, but you want to do it and you're willing to put yourself in a position where we can figure that out or or I can't afford it.
Oh, well, I guess this is my reality now. Like, which which one is it? Oh, no. I want to do it. Do you? Okay. Why? Like, why is that? So, it's just you got to figure out which one which one is it. even with the think about it. Well, that's why I always go for Yeah, sweet. Hey, no problem at all. You want to take some time, then it get over.
You're welcome to do that. So, sell the exit because I want to make sure none of this. Welcome to do that. Can I ask before you go away and think about it? Like, what is it? What is it that you're hoping to to go over in your mind? Like, just to see if I can help. I want to know what they're focusing on. >> Oh, well, just, you know, it's just it's a fair bit of money.
>> Yeah. Yeah, >> okay. >> You're right. I mean, another another objection I got last week, which I actually haven't gotten before, was the woman said, "Uh, oh, yeah, thanks for all that. Um, you can go ahead and send me, you know, the application and if I have any questions, I'll just let you know." >> Mhm. Yeah. Sure. More than happy to.
Not a problem at all. More than happy to send across the the info for you. Um, I suppose can I ask like before I do any of that, do you actually feel like based on what I've gone over like is this like is this something you feel could actually work for you or are you still kind of on the fence about whether this is even something you want to do? >> Oh yeah.
No, I think this this this could help me. I mean I just you know I just >> well I mean because of see this is the thing because I I asked I asked that question already like I'll say like you know um I'll say something like uh so do you feel like this could be the answer for you and they'll say oh yeah and I'll say what makes you what makes you feel that way oh because so then when I get to the objection and they say well I need to think about it >> then it feels like I'm repeating that and that that triggers like >> have a different just have different
way. So if you're doing the do you feel like this is the right answer, why like right and then you get the objection, I just switch it to um a like would you do it? Like would you actually do it or or are you still kind of on the fence about whether this is even something that you want to do? >> Could I say something like in a like cost aside is this something that that you really want that you would that you would do and usually they'll say oh yeah absolutely >> and then I go for the why again still go for the why. And you can always say
like, look, I I know it might seem a little redundant, like but like why why do you feel like this is something that you would actually do? >> And then I try to get them back to the result the second time. So they'll go, "Oh, well, like I said, you know, the coaching and the support and Okay. Yeah, for sure that makes sense.
I suppose for you personally though, Bradley, like why why invest in yourself? Why why further your education? Like why why do that in the first place? And now they're going to get me back in that goal bit. >> Right. Right. Right. >> Okay. >> And now I can go back into the commitment. Yeah. Okay. Well, can I ask like >> like you know the the program aside, are you at a point where you're 100% willing to kind of draw that line in the sand for yourself and go, "Okay, cool.
Enough is enough." Like it's time to actually do the hard the uncomfortable things required to put myself in a position where I can I can have what it is that I that I want. cuz like that's really the most important part like programmer side like you actually committed to making that your reality. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
What's your definition of commitment? >> Probably uh taking action and then sort of seeing what happens. >> Okay. And are you at a point where you're willing to to take the action to go? >> Yeah. Uh I don't know. I mean, I might >> Yeah. I mean, I probably have to talk to my spouse about it. Um, >> all right.
We'll pull it up there because I got to go now. I had extra time. I didn't miss last week, so I I I you I'm dying to talk to to people, but I got to I got to run, guys. Um, but hopefully you got a bunch out of that. And like I'd love to see you guys, you know, keep come back, keep asking questions on this, watch the recording. Um, and yeah, even I I want to I want to make sure you guys have got kind of one to two things that you feel like can carry in the sales convers conversations moving forward.
And then just note what works, what doesn't work. Bring that feedback back here and then we'll just keep doing more of that. Okay. So, yeah. Do you guys feel like you got kind of what you need today? Hopefully. >> Yeah, that's good. I appreciate it. >> All right. All right. Amazing. And, uh, yeah, I'm glad you guys seem like you resonate with this stuff and and and that's what I like.
Look, >> Laura, >> is there a is there like a general role play where in any of the sessions with with this that where like you go through like your scripts with with coaches? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, look, today I did a lot of theory, but typically it'll be like, "Hey, cool. What do you struggle with? What are you struggling?" >> Yeah. So, I I do generally do this.
Uh I just wanted to focus on some theory today cuz it's been a while. But, so yeah, if we if you come on next week and there's something and you want to kind of role play, like absolutely, we can do that. And then I can't really speak for the other coaches and kind of how they operate things, but there's definitely a bunch of those that are role plays as well. Yeah.
>> Okay. >> Um, but >> jump on next week and if you want to role play, we can we can do that for sure. >> Great. Thank you. >> All right. Good stuff, guys. See you.
