Yo, yo. Hey. What's good? How are you today, man? I was about to hop off. How are you, brother? I'm all right. I'm all right. Oh my god, I love the t-shirt. Is that by Is that by Russell? Yeah. Yeah, it was just a free one I got for, you know, getting one of his books, but um it's comfortable and that's the part that I care about the most, but dude, how are you, man? I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'm actually about to wrap everything up. It's 8:00 p.m. where I'm located. I'm based in Brussels. Brussels? Brussels, Belgium. Yeah. Let's go, man. Freaking love it. I run a school community of agency owners and talk to quite a few people that are in in Eastern Europe, so obviously like I don't know anyone that's in specifically, but I've got one person who's in Ukraine.
I've got one person who's in Switzerland, one person who's in Georgia. So like Switzerland's closer to the western side, but anyway, dude, freaking love that. I'm here to help you, so what questions do you have? How can I serve you? Fill me in on what you need, man. Appreciate you, man. So really quick intro.
Basically, I do have an agency myself. We do Facebook, Google, lead generation mostly. Also funnel building. My lead generation happens mostly on Fiverr and Upwork. I have two quite big accounts there. So the main thing is that like, you know, people come to me looking for a quick job that a freelancer could do. Because we have been testing like stuff.
I'm also in a community there on like, you know, for for marketing agencies. We all do our lead generation there. And basically what happens is that people very often come to me just looking for these very simple tasks. And my main struggle is to shift their Exactly. Is to shift their like, you know, perspective from going you know, from this specific like, you know, very simple task to something that is much more complete that actually is going to give them results.
Because I know that like you know, just setting up a campaign is not going to make deal in the end. So I try on the call without like, you know, very much education because it's not really have time to educate them on everything that happens when you do marketing properly. And on the call, I try to just like, you know, switch their their mindset into something a little bit more complete.
And I of course like, you know, finding a lot of resistance because they come thinking like, you know, I'm going to spend 300 bucks and I pitch them for like 10,000. Yeah, well, so it's going to depend entirely on like if if they come in and they're expecting something for 300 bucks, right? And then you go pitching them for something for 10,000, then yes, of course you're going to get resistance.
Like that just it makes sense. Rather, one Well, this is before I even go into that, what's the reason that you're not running ads for your own business? To get your own leads. I don't really have a vertical when I started the whole process. I started that on Upwork and on Fiverr with the, you know, the idea that people were there like, you know, already looking for a solution, so they would be like better qualified, but I run into this issue. Yeah, I know.
I know. It it took me a couple of years to actually figure it out. Right now I have like quite a big account on on both platforms, so I get like a bunch of leads every single day. A lot of qualified Well, a lot of calls, not really qualified in the end. So I'm still holding back from running ads myself, although it's something that I would really love to do.
I also have a couple of verticals where I'm really good with. And but yeah, I haven't still took the took the leap in the end. Why not? I don't know. I'm just scared of burning money. I don't think that my sales skills at the moment are good enough to actually like, you know, paying 100, 200, 300 bucks for for leads, for qualified calls and then potentially like, you know, just setting them setting them on fire.
Have you thought about doing cold calling? You done cold email or anything like that? I've been doing some cold calling. It's very much time consuming. And you know, I'm in a kind of a sweet comfort zone where I'm getting like, you know, three, four calls a day. And although like, you know, one out of four leads maybe somewhat qualified, I'm still happy with the the results that I get.
Sure. So what's your current revenue in the business right now? How much in sales are you doing on a monthly basis? It's a little bit variable. I would say that it's around 10 to 20k a month. Okay, got Good month it can be up to 20, 25, but it must be like, you know, I think I hit that a couple of months over the last over the last year.
So what's preventing you from just doubling down on everything that you're already doing? Everything that got you to 20k a month. What's preventing you from just doing more volume? I just don't have time for that. Mhm. What do you mean more time? Um Like how much time are you taking? Like what Out of how many calls you book, for example, how many of those calls that you actually sit down with end up converting into deals? I would say 10 to 15%.
Okay. I keep track of data and that's like around 10, 15%. Okay, how long are your calls? How long do they last? Around like 45 minutes to 1 hour. Okay, and how much are you typically collecting on average when you close someone? It really depends because I have like deposit. It's between like 500 to 1,000 bucks depending on what the guys there like willing to to pay.
I have sometimes to negotiate on on these little things which is quite frustrating because like, you know, I'd like to straight close them to the price I'd like to to close them for. But I'm still in a situation where I feel like, you know, I I don't know if it's like about my authority not being like, you know, as big as some somebody else.
Being my offer I don't really have an offer by the way. Like the fact that I play on so many different uh niches doesn't allow me to actually have a proper offer on which I know that I can deliver. So very often it ends up being like a custom work which requires a lot of preparation, a lot of market research, a lot of things. So it's not very standard job.
>> how much are you typically charging on average for a custom job like that? >> If it's simple So for a full funnel, it's 10k for three months of work. If it's simple management, it's 1,200 a month per platform. If it's like Google and Facebook together, it's 2k. And then for Facebook, if I also have to do the ad creation, it's an extra 800 800 bucks.
Sorry, I always mention bucks because I'm used to watching like, you know, US content, but like I actually work in euros. Sure, sure, sure. And then when we we have certain thresholds for like ads that we charge an extra percentage over the 20, 50, and 70k threshold. Sure. Okay. So I'm going to hit you with like a lot of questions just for the sake of time, but give me context here because I really don't think that the question you originally had, which is like how do I get someone who has like you know, someone's coming
in with 300 bucks It's like I think there's actually a different path we need to take here to scale your business. So Yes, your average cash collect. Do you know what that specific statistic is? No. Okay. So first thing I would do is I would set up tracking in your business so that you can have you know exactly what your average cash per enrollment is.
Do you know how much it costs you to get a booked call on your calendar? It's between 100 and 150 bucks. Okay, and what's your >> From Upwork specifically. Fiverr is much lower. I'm not tracking that because it's it's quite weird. I don't really have to pay for lead generation there. Okay, so what's your show rate on those? What was it? Your show rate? Show rate It even depends like, you know, most of the time I can't follow up manually on you know, pre-qualifying or just like, you know, warming up the lead before the
calls I think I'm a reminder. I see a lot of people don't even read the emails. WhatsApp, when they read it, they show up. So I would say that it's between like at least 70%. Seven out of 10 they show up. Okay, so that's another number that you need to have like tracked down to the specific number.
Because what it's going to allow you to do is just reverse engineer everything. I still don't fully understand the reason that you're not able to do more because of time. So are all of your clients based in the US or are they based in Europe or just all over? Most of them in US, some some in the UK, couple of in Italy. Okay, so like in terms of the number of hours you have available per day to take calls, how many hours are we talking? Today I had four calls, so I would say four four hours.
Okay, four hours? Yeah, I work on the business. Sorry, work in the business. Sometimes I take part in the delivery. So if you're looking at four hours a day, that's 20 calls a week on average, 70% show rate. So, you're looking at roughly 14 calls, and then out of those 14 calls, you're saying you're closing at about 10 to 15%. I'll average it at 12.
So, you're closing about one to two people a week. And Okay, got you. So, then what would you say is the number one reason that people do not close? Is it that they come in and at the end of the call when you tell them, "Yeah, this is a $10,000 package." and they're like, "Oh, I was expecting 300 bucks.
" Like, what what is the specific reason that most of your calls do not close? One reason might be that, the other reason might be that I just suck at objection handling. Okay, but like what's the specific objection? I guess I should ask. Very So, on Upwork, you are compared to other people. So, of course, like, you know, the classic is, "I just need to talk to other people.
" They feel like they have to do more research. Uh on Fiverr, could be like just the classic, "I need to think about it." Rarely I get hit with the partner objection because it's something that I always try to prevent by understanding the decision process they go through. Uh but yeah, like, you know, "I have to think about it.
" I never really get like a "It's too expensive." although I I know that most of the time businesses cannot really afford this move. Sure. So, I personally I've never advertised on Upwork and Fiverr. I don't think it's a fantastic idea uh because you're spending a hundred to a hundred and fifty bucks to book a call when you can do the same thing on ads.
But if it's on ads, you're able to like nurture the person throughout the process. I don't know what level of control you have on Upwork and Fiverr. Um I'm just not familiar with it. I mean, if it's working for you, great. But the key thing to understand is that objections it the problem is rarely ever objection handling.
It is almost always in why are you getting the objections in the first place? Where are they coming from? And then how do we prevent that from happening? It's like coming and asking, "Hey Aaron, um I really want to get better at cooking and I want to make sure that my kitchen is, you know, in tip-top condition, uh but I keep getting kitchen fires.
So, I think my problem is I just am not that good at putting out fires." Well, the first question I'm going to ask is, "Why the hell are there so many fires in your kitchen?" Right? And so, what we do to prevent the objections will end up making you a lot more money than just how to handle them. Uh but I do have a simple framework for handling objections.
Uh I just dropped that here in the chat for you guys. Uh it is a course. I break down my entire process in detail in there. Uh it's four steps. I want it to be simple so that even I could understand it, and I'm kind of dense. And so, the first thing you're going to do is clarify what the root issue is. So, for you, when they're saying like, "I need to compare you to other options.
" at the core of it, that's not the objection. The objection is "I'm afraid of moving forward right now. I don't trust you to deliver on what you said you will, or I don't feel like right now is the right time." Or it's an actual legitimate logistical concern. But "I need to go look at other options.
" at the core of it is just a smoke screen. So, the first thing you need to do is find out what is the root issue. Then from there, you want to tie down that that is the only thing preventing them from moving forward, and if you were able to resolve that one thing, they would sign up. Like, that's the only thing preventing them.
Then, you want to showcase empathy and understanding. Me like, "Dude, I totally get it. Like, that's a totally normal way of seeing things. Like, I'd see it that way, too. Maybe I've been the same way, too." so that they're on the same side of the table as you before you go in and offer another perspective.
And you're not going to be battling them, trying to prove them wrong, or overcoming their objections, or handling it. You're simply going to offer another perspective on how they can get the thing that they want. So, you want them to get the same thing that they want to get. So, you're both on the same side of the table.
You're on the same side, which means that you want to help them get the thing that they want in a way better than they even thought possible. So, it's you're aligned with them. That mini course that I just gave you has hours of training in it. If you set aside 6 hours with a pen and paper and just go through every single thing in that course in detail, rewatch the videos multiple times, take notes, practice it, you will be infinitely better at objection handling than you were at the beginning of this conversation. So, I would start with
that. There is most likely something deeper here of why are these objections coming up. It might have to do with the fact that you're on Upwork and Fiverr. It might not. I honestly don't know cuz I've never dealt with Upwork and Fiverr. But what I do know is that the questions that you're asking in the beginning of your conversation determine the types of objections you're going to get at the end.
That's where the sale is usually made is in the first 20 minutes of when you're chatting with them. And then also the first impressions that you're setting is what establishes your sense of trustworthiness. So, in your first 1 minute, what is the energy like when you open up the conversation? Do they feel like they can trust you, open up with you, things like that? That's not stuff I'm going to be able to really tell you unless like you want to break down a call.
So, I can Yeah, 100%. questions and then we can take a look at the call. My next thing that I would recommend before you, man, is since you are an agency owner, um I can help you a little bit deeper with this stuff for free. So, Sweet. Let me give you this. This is a link to my school community. It's Agency World.
It's $1 to prevent the spammers from joining. Um If $1 is too much money, sorry. Uh but it's lifetime access. >> expensive, got to be honest. Yeah, I know. It's so tough. Um Every single week I host sales coaching calls in there as well as mindset calls to help you work through this sort of thing.
And we have guest coaches coming in and teaching as well. Um and then finally, I have this course which is going to be coming off the market once I actually sit down and re-record the videos, which will probably be in a couple of weeks. Uh this is 27 bucks. Again, if that's too expensive for you, sorry. Um but it's everything I know about like my sales frameworks that I built for agencies.
Uh if you want to get like a much deeper view, you can get that. If not, I don't care. Um But at the very least, I would get the objection handling course and the free community and just hop on those calls every single week. Uh and then if we have time today, I'd be happy to actually review the call and find out what's going on deeper. Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely.
I would have to tell my son that I cannot go to the summer camp for the 27 bucks, but I think it's totally worth it. Um But yeah, no, I don't want to take over the the the stage here. I'm going to let the other guys for sure go. This was really like super super helpful. For sure finding like, you know, a proper script, proper framework for for everything is going to definitely help me out.
Um for context, I started following NLP Q 3 years ago when I was working for a dating company. Basically, we sell like, you know, info product, live seminar, stuff like that. And just by watching the YouTube videos for free by Jeremy, I went from being zero to hero, from being just like, you know, very new into the sales world to being like the best sales person of the of the company.
And it all came supernaturally because I was really able to bond with the people emotionally. And I'm so [ __ ] frustrated because right now I'm selling something that is, like, you know, in my opinion, even more valuable for a fraction of the price, and I cannot close as much as I was closing before.
So, I was really like I want to [ __ ] bang my head. It's what you're selling and who you're selling it to. Like, you're selling a product in a saturated market that everyone's bought before and has been burned before by. So, like, you're being price shopped. That's the reason why this call is specifically for people selling agency services to SMBs, small and medium business owners.
There's a reason it's like that. It's because it's a very unique sale that it's not like enterprise level B2B where it's just purely logical, and it's not B2C where you can just like tug on their heartstrings, do some tonality training, and then bada bing, bada boom, you're good. This is this weird middle ground where you have to really be locked in if you want to make good money.
But yeah, 10 to 15% isn't really where you're going to want to sit. It's not going to give you enough runway to really scale this thing. I would just go ahead and and just double down on um double down on on the free stuff that I just gave you. Yeah, totally. Totally. Cool. I'll be done. Thanks, man. Appreciate you. Good sir.
I think we scared Jacob off. No, I just had to unmute myself. Oh, the other guy. Um got it. Yeah, I I learned a lot just from you uh doing coaching right now. Hopefully, by the way, I'm part of that weird middle ground as well. I don't know if I'd be included cuz I'm not selling agency services, but it's it's bookkeeping.
>> to SMBs. >> Yeah, yeah. I am. So, um my question was going to be along the lines of um Oh, I have a couple there. I think they're all going to be relatively simple. Cool. Um so, my first one is going to be about what maybe I should focus on right now. Um I've already decided I don't want to focus for the moment on the cold calling part.
Um I'm able to get a decent number of appointments. And I'm just kind of that's been naturally improving from some things I'm doing. I'm kind of happy with my progress there for the moment. Now with the people that are actually booking an appointment with me and they're coming on there, that's where my biggest pain points are right now. Um and so I wonder how I should What's the simplest way of asking this to you like I know from your fire kitchen analogy that was awesome.
I probably shouldn't focus on the objection handling, I guess. Uh when I'm selling the bookkeeping plans. But what do you think I should focus on there? I I my my thought is and ask me whatever questions you need to. My thought is I should maybe build out like a better script for myself because I've just been kind of going on my uh intuitions from any PQ.
I don't really have like a written out script for the meeting once I get the business owner to meet with me about bookkeeping. Um What what do you think I should work on to improve my close rate basically when I do get a booked appointment? Doing the scripting is like asking for Yeah, that's like asking uh hey, I want to get really good at cooking. Yeah.
>> What should I do to get better at cooking? Yeah, I know it's hard. Uh I just I just It's not just hard. Like it's legitimately impossible for me to answer that. from Ryder Matt Ryder recently where he's like great reps, you know, they focus on one thing at a time and then they improve that.
So that's what inspired the question is I'm trying to figure out what I should focus on for the next week or two, you know? >> Let me answer the question that you didn't ask but I think you need to be asking. Okay. is how do you diagnose what the primary bottleneck is? Okay. That's the thing you need to be asking cuz that's going to improve the needle the most for you. Okay.
So zoom out, you want to look at your entire sales funnel, your entire sales process and go from top down. Okay. This is when you're diagnosing issues on an entire sales process basis. So uh there's no point working on improving your close rate if you don't know how to get conversations on your calendar. Right.
point trying to get people to book calls with you if you can't even get a hold of people. There's no point trying to get a hold of people if you don't even know how to find people. So say we from the top of your funnel all the way down to the bottom and that allows us to unplug the most important constraint. Okay. Lead flow to to show rate to close rate to or offer rate etc.
So more likely there's like a lower lowest hanging fruit basically. Yeah, lowest hanging fruit but also when you unplug it it frees up the most bandwidth. So like if you improve your close >> Yeah, I'm I'm going to get this Bob, I am muting you. I'm glad you're here, brother. Uh what if you got a question, go ahead and raise your little zoom hand and we can rock and roll with that.
But um it's about unplugging the most important constraint. So if you have let's say like a legitimate funnel, right? And you have a constraint at the top of the funnel and you work on improving your close rate at the bottom of the funnel then you're like it's not going to improve anything for you because the constraint is at the top of the funnel.
Like you can only get in so many leads. So improving your close rate isn't going to change anything. Right? >> It's kind of like reading like The Goal. Have you read that book? I've not, no. Okay, yeah, he goes through it's a really cool analogy for finding out what your bottleneck is and stuff. Reminds me of that.
So that it literally it's that basic premise, right? So then we have a funnel here. If you have a constraint at the top, you fix that first then you move down. So that's when you do the entire sales process. Now we look at inside of the call. Where do we notice the next bottleneck? It's uh I'm assuming you're talking about like closing calls, right? Not intro discovery phone calls.
>> Oh, that was my other other question actually you hit on that I had two questions planned. Um is I'm really struggling to tell whether my uh you know, whatever you call it. People call it offers, I guess when they sell high ticket but um my service plans or whatever I I sell, I can't decide whether it should be like a one call close.
I mean normally it starts off with a cold call and then an appointment. So I don't know if you call that a one or a two call call or if I should have like a triage, you know, that framework where you have the triage and then you have like the closing call. And I get confused cuz I I don't know should I have one set way that I do it for every client or do I just based off them, you know? I cold calling is more in my opinion, I treat it more like marketing than sales.
It's obviously a sales skill primarily uh but in terms of metrics I treat it more like marketing cuz it's how you generate your qualified appointments and opportunities. Okay. I like two call processes particularly when you're selling to SMBs because there's not a lot of trust and so you can build more trust by having more calls.
Just recognize there's going to be a drop off. So you just need to be more skilled. Right. Um the the way I would do it is that if you do the two call close, you have a cold call and then you have a triage and then you have the closing call, I would try to put the triage with the cold call as often as I can. So if I'm on the phone with someone and they don't seem to be in a rush, I'll be like, well hey, if you have a like 10 to 15 minutes right now, I can go ahead and walk through uh some of the questions that I have that will allow me to see even if we can
help you. Okay. And then I would just do the triage call right then and there. So then it would be a it would be like a one call close cuz your next call is only one call. But I'm basically doing that triage while I'm on the phone with the person and it would prevent some drop off. Uh but you have to recognize that when you're doing cold calling not everyone's going to have a lot of spare time.
Right. And that's why I would say is like I would just get on the phone, ask one or two qualifying questions, book the next appointment for within 24 hours and then on that next appointment it's just an easy simple phone call. It's like 15 minutes or so where I'm just asking them questions about their business. Okay.
And this allows us to build a deeper relationship and also for them to get more committed in the process. Just have to recognize there is going to be some drop off but it will improve your close rate. That would unlock some things in my mind cuz I can sense, you know, I don't know.
I guess I have a little bit of experience. I don't know why it's easy to tell but I can sense whether or not they would just let me just keep talking to them, you know? So um so that even helps cuz I usually was just like cutting those off regardless however they were acting. Um >> So I'm going to circle back to your first question really fast about like diagnosing the right bottleneck.
If we're talking about inside of the call itself, uh just move through the call from beginning to end. So let's say for example um let's say your offers are low, right? So um well, here's how I would actually go through it. If it's a like cold call context, it's how quickly are you getting hung up on and then I'm just focusing on whatever happens right before the failure point. Right.
>> point in a cold call being when you get hung up on. Right. So if I get 10 seconds on the phone with them and then they hang up on me, I'm going to work on those first 10 seconds. I'm not going to be worrying about optimizing what's after that. And I'm just going to continue doing that.
Then when it comes to the triage call, it's how many offers do I make for them to book another appointment? So how many offers do I make for them to book a closing call with me? Mhm. >> I'm going to work on how do I improve that metric? How do I make more offers? And then the next metric in the funnel is offer to set rate.
So how many of those offers that I make do people accept and actually book the next call? So then I want to improve that metric. And then once that's above 80% then I will move on to show rate. How do I get more people to show up to the closing call? And that just comes from having a better triage call.
Then the next metric becomes on the closing call offer rate. Again, so how many people do I actually offer to buy my service? How many people do I say, hey, after the discovery I think you're a good fit. This is the program we can offer you. How many people actually make it to that step? And I want to improve that metric. And then the next metric becomes commitment rate.
Commitment rate being how many people actually give me money. And then let's say for example that I can get a lot of people to give me money but they're all deposits. They're all $500 deposits. They're not actual closes. Yeah, but we don't have that option. Yeah, so that that last that one thing won't be relevant but the rest >> notice how I'm just going like top to bottom? Yeah.
That's how I'm diagnosing it. order of it. Do you always have to diagnose it in that order? Like say I'll have to work a week or two on getting my data collection better is is one of the things I'm gathering. Um after I do that, uh you don't necessarily have to work on them in that order always, do you? >> it. Oh, really? Interesting. Okay.
Cuz there's no point in me increasing the close rate if I have a 30% show rate. Okay. Right? Cuz all those slots where I'm booking people in that don't actually show up, it's decreasing or it's increasing my cost per live call which is making it less profitable for me to close deals and it's usually easier to fix show rate than it is to fix close rate. Mhm.
So I'd rather fix show rate, get more opportunities on the board. Then we look at how do we increase close rate. Okay. Yeah, that's a little little scary but uh that makes sense. Yeah, I can start start tracking that um better. It doesn't need to be scary cuz there are solutions to every problem. All that means now is once you get clarity on what the problems are, you can solve the problems and then the amount of money you make goes No, I know.
I just don't want to get fired before I you know, get to stage seven or whatever, you know? Um I'm having a lot of appointments but not closing. This isn't a new thing. So like if you're doing this for another company and you're being measured on your close rate, that's the thing they care the most about. Well, then just do that. Don't worry about all the other things cuz that's the most urgent pressing problem. Yeah.
I'm just saying like if you have control over the entire sales funnel and you want to make the most money, Yeah. >> you need to solve the bottlenecks at the top of the sales funnel and then work down. Yeah. Got it. Okay. Um Cool. Well, I think you you hit my questions then. Yeah.
On the sales calls themselves real quickly, I'm curious about this. Yes. On the sales calls, what is it specifically that you're getting that like the objections you're getting that are preventing them from buying? That's That's one of the biggest problems actually is is not directly getting the objections. So, that's that's been one thing I've been trying to trying to think about like what am I doing? You know, I'm mainly getting people that are telling me like some version of Yeah, I mean, holy cow.
Yes. I got the agreement, you know, it came through to my email. Um there's kind of some legalese in it. Let me just review this this afternoon. I'm going to finish signing it, you know, this afternoon. I want you guys to start October 1st, you know, that way we start at the beginning of a quarter. Um you know, so I'm really busy.
I got to call one of my clients back, you know, but I'll sign it this afternoon. And they don't sign it, do they? Yeah, no, no, no. Yeah, they they don't sign it. Which I'm not like totally ignoramus, you know, I'm like, "Oh, this is bad." You know, >> Well, I mean, dude, if they all sign it, I'm like, "Well, Um yeah, so that really boils down to it's a smoke screen, right? So, Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm not So, in order to get the root concern, I would fix that in the temp check set. So, before I ever drop the investment for the program, I'll make sure that they're all the way 110% in and they're going to buy anyway. Yeah, that's probably where I'm screwing up. Like I'm not going to drop price until I'm 110% confident that they're going to buy.
And it says our price loud and proud on our website, too. So, it gets a little tricky for me on some >> the thing is like if it's on the website and they come on the call knowing the price, then like then that's not like at the core of it, it's it's not the fact that they know the price that's the issue.
It's that you need to find out if they're certain or uncertain regardless of the price. >> still do it before I go to the price and I give them a more detailed quote than the one on the website. So, >> So, all I'm going to do is I'm going to sit there and I'm going to break down like, "All right, genuinely honest with me, scale of 1 to 10.
One being Aaron, even if this whole thing were free, I'd still never do it cuz I hate your face. 10 being this is exactly what I need. I'm all freaking in. Let's go. I'm going to sign up. We just need to talk about the logistics of getting started. Where would you say that you're at honestly?" And then I'm going to find out where they're at and they're going to say, "Oh, I'm at like an eight.
" Right? Like, "Oh, dude, eight's pretty high. Why not a seven?" I'm going to go one number down. They're going to be like, "Oh, well, because I love this thing about your program and I love this thing and I think this thing is going to help me make the most money." And they're going to sell themselves on why they love it so much. Like, "Okay, I'm curious.
Why not like a nine?" Right? I'm going to go one number up. I'm not going to go to 10 cuz I don't want 10 to be seen as the right answer. The right answer to me is just the truth. So, if they say an eight, I'm going to ask nine. If they say a five, I'm going to ask why not a six. Right? So, what is it that has you say eight? And they're going to say, "Well, I'm just not so sure about XYZ.
" Right? Or maybe it's like, "Oh, let's say for example, they say, 'Oh, I just want to know the price.'" Like, "Okay, cool. Well, to be completely honest with you, we're talking about like something that allows you to save cuz you would have earlier in your conversation identified how much time they save by doing bookkeeping and as well because they save X amount of time, how much money they save by doing bookkeeping.
So, you would have already established a price anchor earlier in your conversation on >> have I need to I'm going to have some things So, I would I would do that, right? I would identify how much time are you spending trying to do books on your own or if they're not doing books on their own, I would just do a quick run through and identify any places where they're losing money in their >> I do usually get some gold.
They're like, "No, I think I need bookkeeping because blank." And they will usually tell me something like cuz I had a PE firm come the other day and want to buy my business, but they needed my books and I didn't have them or like they usually tell me something. Got it. Okay. Recently broke, but So, that would boil down to Okay, let's say for example, we use like they want to be acquired by a business, right? Um how much money they're being offered in the business and then because they didn't have their books, how much money
they lost by not having their books together. >> believe I didn't ask that. I cannot believe I didn't ask that. So super obvious. >> So, it's like I want to tie a specific cost that they are actively paying by the problem not being solved. Yeah. So, in their mind, the cost of inaction isn't how would it make you feel if you didn't solve this problem and continued >> Right. Right. Right.
>> That's [ __ ] That's not going to work when you're selling to SMBs. That's going to be people for sure. It's a legitimate financial cost of inaction. How much money has it cost you up to this point because this problem wasn't solved? So, that's I'm price anchoring that earlier on in the conversation. Mhm.
>> I talk about price here, let's say for example, we're in the temp check and they're like, "I just want to know the price." It's like, "Okay, well, we've already established that you're currently spending X amount of dollars by not doing this. So, it isn't really so much about the money because the people I've never had someone not sign up because of finances.
It's always because they don't feel certain that it's going to get them to X. So, let's say for example, they want to net you know, another $400,000 a year in profit by having all of their books together nice and neat or whatever it is. Yeah, yeah, let's say they tell me that. Sure. So, let's say it's $400,000 a year is what it gained them.
Right? So, it's like most of the people who sign up, the only reason they don't sign up is because they don't feel certain that they're going to be able to get that $400,000 a year in profit. So, but if you do feel certain in that, then everyone signs up because anything less than $400,000 is a steal. Right. So, then in that case, I I can tell you we're not $400,000, but like aside from that, what is it that has you maybe feeling a little hesitant on whether or not this would get you there? Got it. That would help me a lot.
I think at least they'll start telling me the objections and I can start something about it. >> And you can start to work through with them and you can go through that silver course that I just dropped in the chat and and get So, Very cool. All right, that's going to help me a ton. I have a bunch of bunch of work to do now. Thank you.
A lot of fun, man. All right, Bob and Trang, good to see you guys. Do you guys have any questions? Um this is I just hopped into I just discovered Matt. I'm I'm just jumping on the call and seeing what's up. But um Matt >> talking about? >> So, yeah, speak >> Yeah, I literally just subscribed. I have no idea.
I'm just hopping on the calls and seeing what's going on. I have no idea. So, so Matt is awesome. Uh this call is basically helping with uh sales to small and medium businesses. So, if you're selling any service or any product to a business that's not doing $10 million a year or more, uh this is the call or self-mastery. So, like consciousness work, mindset work, [ __ ] like that.
Uh what do you sell? I'm just curious. I I sell a final expense life insurance, but um I could do like car insurance also. And then I have Yeah, my manager can also sell like um he does commercial insurance for businesses. So, I think that if I develop those skills, I can possibly you know, do the same thing that he's doing and Yeah.
B2C So, insurance is largely B2C sales. So, you're selling to >> Door-to-door. Yeah, so you're selling That's what I'm doing right now. One, huge respect for you. Uh and two, like the same fundamental principles will apply. It's just there's going to be difference in application um because you're going to be talking about like at uh you know, middle-aged housewife isn't going to be as interested in how much money she's going to save with insurance as much as it is like the emotional safety of insurance.
Like that's going to be what they care about and that's going to be what's going to drive them to make a decision. When you're selling to a mom and pop that's doing, you know, $900,000 a year in revenue, it's a completely different type of sale than than doing insurance. That make sense? Yes, it does. Uh I mean, any questions you got, I'm here to help on on any of that stuff.
Uh But Bob, my good sir, tell me a little bit about what you Well, I'm I'm an accountant, so that last question was really interesting about selling bookkeeping services. There you go. I I always ask people what would they be doing if they were not doing bookkeeping. That's a solid question. Yeah, and then uh get them to work out what revenue and profit that would add.
And it's usually a lot more than the cost of doing the bookkeeping. Yes, 100% of course. All right, cuz if if they're at like running a let's say they're running a $10 million a year business, even if they're spending 3 hours a month doing bookkeeping, like their their amount of money per hour is so much higher than that.
It's like it's it's exactly what you're saying. It's it's not just what would you be doing, it's how much money are you actively spending by not having this solved. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, I I I jumped on the call cuz um I just uh stumbled across Matt a couple of months ago, I suppose, from videos and I just sort of liked that.
It's a new approach to sales. There's some language patterns, there's some processes that I really feel are a good a good fit for me personally and for accountants. So, I sell software to accountants. Uh the software that I sell helps them have better meetings. Um so, then accountants are moving into uh business advisory uh services.
So, our our software helps them structure that. And I'm I'm looking at the work that you guys do for two things. One, to help me be better at sales. And two, I think the way that you structure and have conversations it it's almost like coaching and consulting. So, I think it can be used by the accountants when they do their business advice.
I think it's so uh so good to help people think through issues. Like, does that make sense? Yep, 100%. So, yeah. I'm sort of listening and and picking up on the use of your tonality, certain words, you know, the maybe, perhaps, we could. It's all It's all really elegant language. That's what I'm picking up. So, that's why I'm here. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, at the core of it, uh my my experience, just for your guys's context, my experience is largely centered on selling agency services to small and medium-sized businesses. Um that like, I'm not selling a software, so it's not like a SaaS sale, which is a little bit different than selling like a done-for-you service, which is a lot of my experience.
Uh but again, just like I was telling Trajan, a lot of the principles are the same behind it. Uh I personally have sold multiple millions. I've a lot of my passion is in consulting with the agency owners and teaching them. Uh and most of the time, just by implementing a couple of simple tweaks and processes into their sales process, they're able to scale up and and quadruple their revenue in the span of a month.
Just because they're like, it's it's usually all it is is a couple small tweaks that need to be changed. And then like, once you change it, it makes a massive improvement. It's like what we're talking about with Zach. It's like diagnosing what is the constraint, then fix the constraint. Right? But yeah, I mean, any questions that you guys have, I'm here for you.
I'm thinking the next one that I do in a couple of weeks is going to be more of a masterclass style. So, I'll actually come with like prepared with like a talking things. But this is just entirely Q&A. So, whatever questions you have, maybe I can answer Well, I think I think the question that I've got on my mind is I suppose it's the For me, it's the it's it's too easy to jump into uh solution mode and talking about what could be, rather than sticking with what is and really digging into that.
Um I'm I'm working out that business case. So, I think I know a lot more than I do. Do you know what I mean? I think I know what to do, but don't do it when I'm there. So, that's uh Is that Well, that's a good question. That's what I was hoping you'd answer me with. I I wonder if I wonder whether it's just it's it's lack of practice, cuz it's a bad luck to good habit to get into.
But habits require a bit of uh conscious effort at the beginning, you know, to get there. Once you're there, um I I I think habits, you know, you do the right thing once you've been doing it for a while. So, yeah. Um yeah, well, any help any help any thoughts and help about how to to stick with those questions.
So, once you've I once you've sniffed an issue, like today, for example. I mean, I I got what I wanted out of the call, which was a really good next call, where I I'm going to set them up on onboarding and get the trial going. But he he said to me he the the the owner of the practice can do what needs to be done without using our software.
Our software just makes him look better. Uh but that's not a massive gain. What he can't do very easily is get his client managers to do what he's doing. And that's what our software enables. So, I established that, but I didn't go any deeper than that. I sort of got that surface level. Um Uh maybe it was enough for the call, but I don't think it was as If I was criticizing myself or critiquing myself, I would have said, you can have done more there.
And I think that's really where the sale's made, in getting that implication, you know, that that impact. Does that make sense? Yeah. A a good general rule of thumb that I found, and you know this, is always go one more. One more question. One more minute. Just go slightly deeper. And it's profound the level of impact that has.
Cuz it's usually like, I don't know if you guys have ever seen the meme like the person like chipping away, the little cartoon of the person chipping away trying to find diamonds, and then they turn around and quit when like, they're right there at the giant diamond stash or whatever. Like, that's how we are in sales.
Is we get really close, and we're like, all right, well, I guess this is as good as it's going to get. And then we turn around and walk away. It's like, if we just asked, tell me more about that. Yeah. Why do we do that then? So, what what If that's a common thing, and you know, they talk about me, why why do you think I do that? Why do you not Why do I not go there then, that extra chip, that extra question? There's two pieces to this. One is discipline.
So, just like understanding what you need to do, but then not doing it is usually a result of discipline, because we don't understand why we need to do it so much. And we don't understand what are the implications for ourselves if we don't do it. All sales is is we're helping people shift their beliefs around something.
Right? It's usually around a product. And so, we don't often do that with ourselves on the way that we want to live our life. So, like for me, like eating and nutrition, like I've had a horrible relationship with food for a really, really long time. Horrible is a uh choice of words. But uh fried chicken, favorite thing in the world, right? And so, I wanted to eat healthy, and I knew that I should, but I still wouldn't, right? I would just constantly eat unhealthy.
But at the core of it, it's because I didn't understand what was happening if I ate fried chicken. Like, I don't know what it is. I don't know why it matters. And so, I keep doing it. But my brain's going to constantly go for whatever achieves the greatest level of survival and comfort. And so, if my brain thinks that I can accomplish that by eating fried chicken, doesn't matter how much academic knowledge I know about fried chicken, like, I'm still going to do it.
But by gaining more knowledge about fried chicken and what happens when I eat it, I can recognize that, okay, it actually doesn't provide the level of comfort and survival long-term that I want it to. And the best way for me to achieve comfort and survival is eating my vegetables. And so, the next thing you know, it's a lot easier for me to opt for vegetables than fried chicken, because I understand more about it.
It's the same reason I don't cheat on my wife. Right? It's because I know what would happen if I cheated on my wife. And I just I don't want that, right? It's very clear to me. So, it's never even a thought. Because I understand the implications of it. So, the first thing is discipline, just understanding the implications of like, if I don't ask this question, then it will usually cost the sale because of XYZ reason, which means I lose XYZ amount of income.
Right? And there's a real implication to not asking it, which would then make you more likely to ask it. The second thing is often times, we are just so uncomfortable with discomfort. Like, human beings in general do not feel comfortable sitting in discomfort. Like, our ego wants to run from it.
And so, I don't know how you guys are with this. Uh but for people who do not have practice doing it, sitting down on a couch for an hour with no music. Forget an hour, 10 minutes. No music, no show, no book, no phone, nothing. Silence for 10 minutes, no thoughts, is incredibly uncomfortable for most people. They either they want to start doing something.
They want to start thinking about things. They want to go chase. They want to create noise. And it's usually because we have emotions that we have cooped up over an entire lifetime that we've never actually allowed space. And so, it's constantly trying to find a release somewhere else, and we don't want to sit with ourselves, because we feel so freaking uncomfortable with ourselves.
And then we live our entire lives out of that place of restlessness. And then when we go into conversations with prospects on the other end of the line, or at the other end of the table, we're sitting down with them, and we're talking, we're feeling silence, and then like, we're kind of afraid of what would happen if, you know, if I ask this question, then like, what if they reject me? And then like, we don't ask it, because we don't feel comfortable with the idea of there being discomfort.
So, the second thing is being really comfy with the uncomfy, uh and practicing stillness in our lives, which ties really closely into the self-mastery stuff that we talk about. Mhm. It has a massive, massive impact on sales, because it's what allows us to ask the hard questions, because they should be asked. It doesn't matter about how it might affect us, or whatever that means.
It's just this is what needs to be said. Right? And so, we say it. And it takes away a lot of the emotional weight to it. So, then we're just more focused on helping them, as opposed to what it might mean about us. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. I like that. I have a question about that. Um okay, so, I do door-to-door.
It's really it's kind of uh tough when you don't find people home. Um and it's my first year in sales. It's a little bit nerve-wracking at times. And it it's a little bit it can definitely get encouraged uh discouraging. Do you have any tip Are you walking? Uh no, I just for fun, just to mess with people. Uh yeah, it's a it's a walking pad.
I have a little treadmill thing underneath my desk. It's the only way I get in steps when I work at a computer. So. Oh, that's That's really smart. Um but do you have any >> about that, cuz you do door-to-door. So. Oh yeah, I'm getting my steps in every day. Um do you have any tips for, I guess I guess uh feeling a little bit of anxiety sometimes? And, you know, you're brand new to the career, brand new to sales, brand new to door-to-door.
Um, do you one piece of advice that you can give anybody new? Two things. One, three things. One, come to my calls uh every other week. Um, because we can talk more about this stuff. Second thing, join that little free community that I dropped in the chat because I host calls in there every single week. So, if you don't see it, I'll drop it again.
Come to that come to that thing. I do trainings on this exact thing as well. The second thing is what is it that you're feeling anxious of? Like, what are you afraid of? I don't know. Um, I guess I I feel like I don't really know what to say. Like, I'm learning I guess what to say. Like, um, But, what are you afraid >> the process.
Not why do you think there's fear, but what is the fear of? I don't know. Help help me find out, please. I would say >> get rid of it. So, one, be comfortable with it. It's not about getting rid of it. The The reason why most people struggle for their entire lives, the reason why people develop chronic diseases, the reason why people struggle is simply because they want to get rid of negative emotions rather than recognizing that they're just feelings.
It doesn't mean anything. Uh and being comfortable being uncomfortable. And so, the anxiety itself is usually in sales, it's around rejection or around being seen a certain way or around being insulted or around not making money, right? Those are very common anxieties in sales, whichever one resonates the most with you.
You don't have to say it out loud if you're not comfortable with it, but whichever one resonates the most with you is the one that I would look at. And then I would just simply, this is the second piece of advice, sit down with it and recognize the feeling itself. So, emotions are just energy. So, if I were to ask you right now, think about like the most terrifying moment in your entire sales career.
Like, what scares you the most, whether it's like right when you knock on the door and you're waiting for them to come up. Maybe maybe it's like when they like someone rejecting you and slamming the door on your like whatever the moment that scares you the most, I want you to think of that right now. And just step into that moment.
Feel the fear. Feel the anxiety. Now, where do you notice it in your body? Like, like here. Yeah. So, that's all the energy is is it's actual legitimate energy. The stories and the thoughts are not real. They're not yours. Thoughts come and go, but that doesn't mean that you have to engage with it or add any meaning to it.
The story isn't real. The only thing that's real is your body is feeling a feeling around your chest area and you're adding and assigning meaning to it. So, if you can just get comfortable sitting down in quiet and just feeling that energy and letting it be there without resisting it or trying to make it go away or adding a story to it or overanalyzing it and just sit with the actual energy itself, it will go away on its own.
Emotions are like waves. So, they rise and they crest and they fall. But, when they're actually given space to run their course, they don't last. They don't last. You know, it's funny when you say that. Um, there's this one person in in the sales group chat that always gets his like the door slammed in his face.
Yeah. >> And I guess a part of me is afraid that that would happen to me, but that's never happened to me. That has not ever happened to me. Nobody's ever slammed the door on on my face. And I know that on the other side is just an opportunity. Like, I can always help somebody. And um, I usually do, you know, I'm able to help them in a big way.
And it the feeling afterwards is it's it's really fulfilling. It's really happy. But, I don't know why that feeling comes up. Like, right be right before I knock. I know that I shouldn't be feeling like That's not true. >> Like, that would happen to me. But, there is no such thing as should or shouldn't. Like, that in and of itself is a story.
It's not real. All right? Right. The only thing that's real is like if you really look at it, like look at the moment and then drop the story. Like, what do you notice? You're walking up to the house. You raise your hand, knock on the door, they come out, you say words, they say words, you shake hands, you walk away.
That's the only thing that's actually real. >> kind. Yeah. Right? That's the only thing that's real. The patterns and the stories are not real. So, what often happens is like I graduated from film school. So, like I'm a big story buff guy. And when you're editing a film, they often say that the editor has uh significant significant power over the story itself.
Like, that's why is anybody here like big comic book movie people? Justice League and stuff? No? Okay, great. Well, there are often the cut of the movie that makes it into the theater and then there's the director's cut. And the director's cut feels like a different movie. And they didn't change the script.
They didn't change anything they shot. They just changed the order of scenes. They included some things and took other things out. And our mind works the same way. We live our life and then we have this one moment right here and we often feel fear. Fear is over something that doesn't exist. So, fear is always around the unknown.
So, if a bear if let's say for example, you're walking through the woods and you see a bear, you feel fear. You feel fear that the bear is going to spot you. Once the bear spots you, you feel fear, but it's not around the bear seeing you, it's around the bear chasing you. And then let's say the bear starts chasing you.
You're no longer afraid that the bear is going to chase you because it is chasing you. Now you're afraid that the bear is going to catch you. And so, we're always afraid of the next thing. We're always afraid of the thing that we don't know. It's the unknown. And so, we have this one frame of our life, which is the present moment that we live in.
And all of our anxiety is centered around I don't want the next frame to look like this. I'm afraid of what might happen if the frame looked like this. But, the only reason we think that is because we've we've kind of projected that onto the future. The The future doesn't exist. All we have is a bunch of random memories from our past that we decided to bring into this moment and arrange in a certain order to create a certain pattern that makes us think that the next moment is going to look like that.
When in reality, like we could just rearrange the moments from our history and then have the next moment be completely like it would be completely different based on the history that we're choosing to accept in that moment. And then if you want to take it the next step, you just drop the whole history thing.
You drop the story and you just live in the moment. You're not thinking about what's back there and in front of you. It's just right here right now. And so, this has shown up multiple times in my own life. My dad and I had a really let's say rough relationship. Put it nicely. Right? And so, whenever I'm around my dad, like a lot of times my body reacts a certain way in like a fight or flight defensive place.
Well, the only reason it's doing that is because my mind chooses memories from my past that were negative with my father. And so, then I project that the next moment will also be negative. But, if I choose to look at all the positive moments I had with my father, then what I think will happen next would be positive.
I'm just choosing different moments from my past to remember. And then if I want to take it to the next level, I would just drop everything about the past and I would just recognize what is actually there in the moment, which is I'm standing here, my dad is standing there. It means nothing. We're just both standing in the same room. That's it.
Now, I'm not projecting anything on the future and I'm just in the present. So, at the core of it with the anxiety, I would sit with the feeling so that you can allow it to pass and just give it space to be there without meaning anything. Stop analyzing it. Stop trying to run away from it. Stop pushing it down.
The second thing is when you're going through your life, be mindful of when you're anxious about something, ask yourself, why am I anxious about this? And usually it's because you have a story that you're assigning to it. Then just drop the story. Recognize what's actually happening in this moment. You're already doing the best thing, which is to be courageous in the face of fear.
But, to let fear drop, you drop the story. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. Thank you. Cool. If you join that group, we can talk about this stuff more often on a weekly basis. There's like a whole piece to this as well as how it relates directly to sales and your ability to help other people. Also, I have another talk set aside for a couple weeks from now, but I'm running late to a call, so I love you all.
You're all amazing, and I will see you guys soon. Bye.
