Hello. Hello. Welcome. Welcome. Go ahead and get started here. Got my notes. All right. So, let me share my screen. Uh, today's going to be a little morbid, guys. Um, I'm just being honest. Okay. Um, now I have to put keep this up in case people come in. Uh, we'll wait one more minute. Hopefully you can't see this on the screen, but I have to keep this up in case people come in.
But today, what we're going to be talking about is um it's kind of morbid. Um and it's it's the the negative side of alcohol. Okay. So, my name is Alex Garner. I'm a sober life coach. I help high performers, especially salespeople, get and stay sober using sciencebacked tools and techniques. Okay.
Now, what I found in my research since I got sober myself 4 and a half years ago has been nothing short of daunting and haunting, right? Like, it's just it's obnoxious. Some of the stuff I'm going to tell you today is flatout obnoxious and ridiculous. Um, but it's true and it's facts, okay? It's sciencebacked.
So, I just want to warn you here. Okay. Um All right. So, we're going to go ahead and get started here. What you've been told versus what the data shows, right? Um or data. Okay. So, what you've been told versus what the data shows. Again, I'm Alex. I've been sober for four and a half years. Uh I've been doing a lot of research about alcohol, how it affects the body, mind, spirit, soul, all of that.
uh and in particular uh the body and mind um the brain and the nervous system. That's what I've really gotten into which is neuroscience. So a lot of this today we'll be talking about is neurosciencebacked. I just want to give you the information. These are just facts. Okay? So don't hate me. Don't shoot the messenger.
First off, the definition of alcohol is a psychoactive dependence forming toxin linked to millions of deaths and multiple diseases. That's just what it is. Okay. Um, the World Health Organization classifies alcohol, also known as ethanol, as toxic and dependence forming. Today, we're going to go through and uncover the truth about what alcohol is, how it affects the can, how it affects your body, mind, soul, how it is linked to cancer, how it affects your heart, brain, your sleep, and why labels keep you in the dark. Why
is this some big secret? Why is it just coming out now? Right. The toll is astronomical. These are big numbers. 2.6 million deaths a year linked to alcohol. 4.7% of all deaths ever is alcohol. 178,000 deaths in the US. On average, it cuts life short by 24 years to drinkers. And the economic cost.
Now, this is for businesses. If you own a business, it's good for your for your people to be sober because it costs $249 billion a year. It's $25 cents per drink consumed. It costs the US society and the e the economic cost. Um that means low performance. So they they've calculated this all from low performance, from uh show missing work, from all of that.
It cost the economy two $249 billion. This next fact blew me away. Okay, if this were a new drug, it wouldn't make it past phase one trials. Let that settle in. If this was a new drug in today's society, it wouldn't make it past the phase one trials. That's obnoxious. Why is this so ingrained in our society when it's that bad for us? That's what we're going to discover today.
It is a group one carcinogen linked to cancer. It's the same classification as tobacco. Okay. So, it has direct links to seven different types of cancer. They're listed here. Liver, colorctyl, female breast cancer, oral cavity, esophagus, all of that. Okay. So, we're going to flip through this quick.
There was a myth that came out about 5 to 10 years ago saying that one glass of wine a day is good for the heart. [ __ ] That is gone. And in fact, they had to go back because there was so much bias against for alcohol that they had to go back and correct 17 different studies done saying that low moderate intake was not associated with lower mortality.
It was a freaking lie. They lied. and it was bias. So they had to go back and and recorrect or sorry and correct 107 studies. On top of that, a hund00 million study that was being done on moderate drinking benefits ended due to industry influence and protocol concerns. Yeah, right. They found out how bad it was actually for the person and for the body.
That's what really happened. So, what's happened here is the healthy wine narrative is been dismantled by science and I'm going to show you more. How does it affect the heart? Okay, so here we have baseline blood pressure and and uh atrial fibrillation risk. Okay, there's none when you don't drink any, right? It's just baseline.
If you have one drink a day, your blood pressure rises slightly and atrial fibrillation increases. If you're a moderate drinker, like two to three drinks a day, increasing blood pressure and higher AF risk. And if you're a heavy drinker, your systolic is affected up to 5 mmg higher. That's a big deal. Okay, that's one of the numbers when you take your blood pressure, right? It's affected by five.
That's pretty critical, right? And elevated risk um uh AF. Now, okay, so what what's kind of the point of this, right? Why am I saying this? 20,000 cancer deaths are uh a year are involved involve alcohol. Sorry. 20,000 cancer deaths involve alcohol a year. So, the awareness about it is low. Okay. Now um what's also important here to realize is uh risk increases with light to moderate intake and falls, right? Falls obviously happen happens a lot, right? So um there there's no safe threshold really.
It just like it's either none or or or or you're drinking, right? It's not like there's gray in the middle. It's just either good for you or bad for you. And it's bad for you. That's the fact. Okay. Now, how does it affect the brain? This is my favorite part. This is a study with 37,000 participants. Okay.
Higher intake of alcohol correlates with smaller gray and white matter volumes even at light moderate levels of drinking. It reduces your brain size. And it's visible brain size difference with just one drink a day. So, not that it just reduces it. It's actually visible to the human eye that the brain has shrunk if you just drink one drink per day.
It compromises brain connectivity, poor white matter. Your prefrontal cortex is responsible for your decision-m that goes offline when you drink alcohol. And it goes offline for not just while you drink, for 4 days, up to four days after. And speaking of four days is the cognitive impact. This affects your mood, your reaction times, your long-term brain health for up to four days after you have one or two drinks.
This stuff is poison, guys. It's freaking poison. Now, I want to talk about stress hormones, sleep, and performance. Now, a lot of people use the excuse that it helps me fall asleep. Okay, so maybe. But it doesn't help you stay asleep. That's for certain and here's the study that shows it.
So sleep states the onset of sleeping without alcohol is a measure of 20 with or with alcohol is 10 without alcohol is 20. So onset of sleep, right? So even though people say it helps them sleep, it's not true. It's not true. But it's closer to being true than help than than these other facts which is look at this sleepm without alcohol is 90.
It's cut in half with alcohol and deep sleep is 80 to 60. And then obviously this last one is uh wake episode. So how many times you wake up without alcohol? Two with alcohol six. Now that's not six times. This is just the measurement, right? So alcohol may help you fall asleep faster. But it suppresses REM sleep, fragments second half sleep, and increases next day irritability and stress reactivity.
You see the things adding up, right? Slowly they're adding up. What else does it do? Metabolism, immunity, and other harms. It gives you empty calories. Now, calories, there's two different types. There's good calories and bad calories. This is a bad calorie, right? It's it's a liquid that gives you calories.
Um, and and they're bad calories, not just any calories, bad calories. So it it contributes cal calories without nutritional uh facts without anything that is nutritional for the body and what that does is it disregulates glucose and lipid metabolism. So your metabolism goes down which means that when you eat you're going to get you're going to grow in and in the stomach area because your your metabolism is down.
Okay. Um immune suppression it weakens the immune system. It make it makes infections more likely and severe. It obviously also increases your injury risk. People fall down when they drink. If they drink too much, they fall down and stay down. Um, but it dramatically increases the risk of falls, crashes, and other accidents.
Okay. Now, this is this is what I really wanted to get to today. If you look at bottles, they don't have any nutritional facts on them. They don't have to. They're the only freaking industry and product that doesn't have to do nutritional facts on something that you digest or something that you ingest, sorry, that you drink.
Everything else has to, but not alcohol. Why is that? Because they don't want you to know what's really going on. What's really in it? The sugar that's in it. The amount of alcohol. right now. They're trying to change this, but it's with a recent law in January of 2025, but it's still not active, right? So, it's it's it's it's all it's all a freaking lie.
It's it's crazy to me. And again, this is all reported by the World Health Organization. This isn't just reported by me, right? So, t the Treasury regulates alcohol labels, not FDA. So, no nutritional facts, ingredients, or allergens are required on most alcoholic beverages. They also don't have to pro like if I came out with a with a supplement, and I said it's 94% successful, I have to prove that with science, with data.
Alcohol can say that you can make you can have a hotter girlfriend, you can do this, you can do that. And they don't have to prove it. In fact, if they had to prove something, they would have to prove these facts that I just showed you that they're killing 3.3 or 2.8 8 million people a year. So, it's all a facade. And the sooner that you realize that it's a facade, the easier it can be to get out of it.
They're trying to change this, but it's not yet in force. Okay. Now, Okay. So, now you're told now what? Okay. So, you weren't told what. Now, what did what do we do next? Okay. and now you're told it's a reality check. Take this information and do a 30-day challenge. Try to be alcohol-f free for 30 days.
Track your sleep quality, your heart rate variability, and blood pressure and see what happens. Substitute evening drinks with four in-n-out breathing exercises or 5 minutes to downshift stress response. Expect that you're going to be stressed after you quit drinking. Expect that your blood pressure is going to spike right after you quit because you become reliant on it if you're drinking every day.
Now, also read the labels carefully where alcohol facts do exist. Note the percentage of alcohol and the ounces of pure alcohol per serving. That's another way that they get around it is they put it per bottle, not per serving. You're going to see how much you're ingesting of alcohol and how bad. I mean, now you know how bad it is for you.
So the immediate wins after after you get over the withdrawal is lower blood pressure, better sleep and REM recovery. You're going to have improved cognition and mood and reduced cancer risk. Those are some pretty awesome immediate wins for quitting drinking in my opinion. So I'm sorry this has been so morbid today, but this is what's needed.
We have we have to get into our reality check. We have to change our mind and and and have the facts and have the facts uh presented before us, right? Hey, Antonio, how are you? >> I'm just Hey. Yeah, I'm just going through. I just I just uh finished on this, but it is recorded, so I want you to watch it because um I went through and basically uh it was kind of a heat check, you know, just to get I talk about what it really does to the body, how many people it kills a year.
So, it's it's a little dark of a of a session, but it's good information to have, right? How it's linked to cancer, how it's actually a a group one carcinogen, which is the same classification as tobacco. um how like five ten years ago there used to be reports saying that alcohol is good for the heart.
Now they're not uh because because they found research like this study right here. Check this out. There was a hundred million dollar study on moderate drinking benefits that got scrapped because they found out how bad it actually is. They were they were trying to find benefits of drinking alcohol and they couldn't find them.
They found out how bad it really is. So this is really good stuff. Um, it's it's for the heart, how it affects the brain, um, the sleep, your stress hormones, all that. So, I just I just finished that, but it's it's really good. So, I want you to go through it. Okay. >> Okay. >> But, um, but yeah. Any I mean, do you have any questions for me about like alcohol or or anything like that? We can just kind of do that uh separate than this.
>> Um, >> are you thinking about quitting or do you drink? >> Well, no. like well I I do drink but it's not like a I don't have like a drinking problem like I drink like sometimes like every once in a while not too many not too much. >> Yeah. >> Uh but yeah basically most like I guess like getting in control of I sometimes like the procrastination that I feel that I have sometimes.
>> Yeah. Yeah. >> More like that kind of understanding about it. >> Yeah. Do you do you like when you procrastinate do you drink or is that just not related at all? Uh no that's not related at all. >> Okay. Okay. So just procrastination. Yeah. Um all right. So uh like what are some things that you procrastinate on? >> Sometimes it is about my work like about the work that I know that I have to do.
Um so I ended up kind of like the going through scroll down and all that stuff like basically that's the that's the main problem that I have even though I know the work that I need to do. I ended up procrastinating >> and you doom scroll. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. So, um, when it comes to procrastination, it's kind of annoying because you you like procrastination, it's it's it's over several things, right? Like you procrastinate on a lot of things.
But in order to pick it apart, you have to find every single thing that you procrastinate about, right? And and view it for what it really is. So, let's take an example. When's the last time that you did this? >> Yesterday. >> Okay. Tell me exactly what happened. like like you had work or or what what distracted you like uh when did you realize that you were doing it? All of that.
>> Yeah. Uh basically well I'm I'm using like this as an excuse I guess because I'm changing offers right now. So >> like having my mindset like in that like hey I'm not going to be working in this offer like anymore in the next few weeks. I feel that I don't need to do any more work but I have to do like work like even in the meantime while I'm making that changes.
>> So I use that as an excuse for myself like to yeah I maybe don't need to work anymore in this offer so I just going to thumb scroll in my in my phone something like that. >> So what's the reality of that? Do you need to work for the next two weeks or no? >> I mean yeah I need I need to do it. >> You get extra money right? Like I mean if you sell you Yeah.
Plus, if you like, if you ever want a reference, are you in good terms with these people, with the people that you're leaving? >> Yeah, I mean, I'm in good terms. >> Yeah. I mean, if you slack the next two weeks, maybe they won't give you a reference in the future, right? Like, this is what I mean. You have to see it for the reality that it is like what what's actually going on, right? So, okay.
So, when you uh I first of all, that's completely normal. So, but take me through exactly what happened the other day. So you you had what did you need to do like get on sales calls or followup or what? >> Yeah. Uh basically like in the offer that I'm at right now like am I like kind of like an album closer. So I'm calling people setting up the appointments and then I'm taking them through the through the sales call.
>> Okay. >> Um so basically that's what I have to do like call people first things first like dial dial numbers >> and then get them to a sales call. So that's what what I need to do. >> What don't you like about that? Um well I don't like that's well the main thing that's why I'm leaving the offer is because it's a medical offer.
So >> medical offer okay >> yeah we are not following a lot of the sales process so I don't feel that I'm getting any better at sales so that's the main thing I don't like that >> like the type of sale that we are doing. >> Yeah. Okay. So that's fair right. Um but how how can you and that's why you're leaving right. So, so that makes sense.
But, but how can you juicen up the pot? Like, how can you I would challenge myself like like what's a what's a challenge that you can make uh that that you can make yourself like, hey, if I hit 10K by for the next two weeks or whatever, 5K for the next two weeks, I'll do something rewarding for myself. What can you what can you set up for that to create some sort of motivation to do it? >> Like, do you have a favorite I mean, anything, right? Like do you have do you are you a spender or like do you buy do you buy nice clothes or
>> Yeah, I spend I spend most of my money like going out. >> Okay. >> So yeah I guess like it would be like maybe uh doing an activity with maybe with my friends with my girlfriend like something like that would be. >> Yeah. So create create like create an incentive right. Um uh because look, you're you're doing the right thing by getting out of the offer, but I but I understand your headsp space because it's you're seeing it you're actually seeing it for what it really is.
You're not jaded. You're not distorting it at all. Um but you still need to create an incentive to to work hard the next two weeks, right? So that's what I would do. Um and then uh and then I would do affirmations. Do you know what affirmations are? >> I watched it like a little bit on the on the first training that Matt posted on YouTube.
So I don't know if that was the >> Okay. So yeah. So um they're I am statements. Okay. So um they're sciencebacked and I can explain that but but if you don't need to hear that then I won't. But if I were to tell you to do something every morning, would you do it and believe in it or do would you need science backing? >> Well, yeah.
I I guess I I will need science. >> Okay. Okay. That's fine. Okay. So affirmations how they work um is they bring they bring qualities that we want to be like let's say I'm not focused and I'm not disciplined. I did this exactly myself. Then every morning I would wake up and I'm saying I am focused. I am disciplined. I am focused.
I am disciplined even when I'm not. Okay. And what it does it it doesn't just make you all of a sudden more disciplined and focused. That's [ __ ] That's manifestation [ __ ] What it does though is it keeps it keeps it on the top of your mind that you are disciplined, that you are focused. So when opportunities come up to be more focused and disciplined, you notice them.
You a you're aware of them and you take action to do it. >> Does that make sense? >> Like so so okay. So if if if I'm not focused, if I'm not disciplined, let's just do focused. If I'm not focused, um, then, uh, but I do the affirmation, I am focused. I am focused. I am focused. Every day, 10 times out loud in the morning.
That means that throughout the day, I'm going to be more aware of opportunities to be more focused because it's on the top of my mind because I'm I've done it every morning, right? It's like reminding yourself to do something. The more that you remind yourself, the the more that you're going to remember to do it, right? So So it's like I am focused. I am focused.
I'm focused, then I'm going about my day. If if I don't do that in the morning, then I just go through my day completely unaware of opportunities to be more focused. But if I say it every morning and I make it part of like my anthem, my mantra, then I'm going to be aware of opportunities to be more focused, right? Does that does that part make sense? >> It's all top of- mind awareness, >> right? So So affirmations work because of that.
It's not like it just it's not just like something that you say out loud and it confirms like spiritual woowoo stuff. It actually works because of that because of top of- mind awareness. So So if you want to be more disciplined that that's a great I mean what would that would that be good for this example? >> Yeah, it makes sense. >> Yeah. So uh I I am disciplined.
Say it out loud. Say it out loud every morning. Now um the best way to do it is right after you wake up. Okay. Um uh the reason why is you're in the theta brain wave. Okay, the theta brain wave is is like the dreaming brain wave, right? Um when you when you're dreaming, your brain doesn't know what's real and what's not, right? Like it it doesn't know at that moment.
It feels like it's real. That's why because you're in the theta brain wave. It that's your subconscious speaking. When you when you do affirmations, when you're in the theta brain wave, it speaks directly to your subconscious mind because you're in the subconscious mind at that point, right? If you wait too long, like 30 minutes after you wake up, you're going to be in beta brain wave and you can't you can't speak to the subconscious mind, right? So, you have to do it right when you wake up.
Just say, "I am focused. I am focused." Or, "I am disciplined. I am disciplined." 10 times out loud. And if you do that for a week, I guarantee a week after that, you're going to be more aware of opportunities to be more disciplined and you're going to take the action. That's the most important part is you have to take the action, right? Um like I don't I does that make sense or is that is that like not make sense? Just tell me flat out.
>> No. Yeah, it makes sense. >> Okay. So, it's all top of- mind awareness. There's no tricks. There's no [ __ ] It's just it it's just the top of mind. It's it's bringing it up so much that you that you realize that you that you can be it and you act on it. That's the hard part is acting on it though, right? Like it's it's like you like acting on it like you knowing right now that you need to that you need to work hard for the next two weeks but you're not you're just choosing not to.
Um but this will help that. So affirmations will help that plus uh plus plus the combination of creating an incentive for you at the end of it. I think that that would help that would work in my opinion >> well cuz I was thinking like maybe also creating a consequence just like we do like on sales calls maybe that will work as well.
>> Yeah. Yeah. If you don't do it what Yeah. Something else that's opposite of rewards that works too. >> Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Whatever. Are you fear-based? Like are you do you fear a lot? Do you worry a lot? Um, something that I realize is that I hate more losing than I love winning. >> Okay.
So, how about that? Make it about that, right? So, if if you don't perform the next two weeks, then you're going to lose on the like the leaderboard, right? I mean, are you are you consistently first up there >> or at the top at least? >> I'm kind of like in the Well, we are five, but I'm below the the first the first one and the second one, so I'm on.
>> So, you're in the upper half though, right? Yeah. >> Yeah. So, um I mean is there any competition there? Any healthy competition that you want to do or No. >> Um I mean there's there's a like the album game that they have. So the more albums you do, you can maybe get some chances to to win something. >> Yeah.
>> How about how about calling somebody out and saying, "I'm going to sell you more. I'm going to sell more than you in the next two weeks. Make it a competition >> with with somebody that's higher than you." You know, I'm just throwing out ideas, but um like if you're close with somebody that's another salesperson, say, "Hey, let's put 150 bucks down.
Winner winner takes 150 bucks. Whoever does more in the next two weeks, if you're competitive, that will work, you know." >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You have to get creative with this type of [ __ ] you know? >> Okay. Yeah, it makes sense. >> Yeah. >> All right. >> But but but try the try the affirmation thing. That's really going to help.
I know it can be a little confusing, but just do it and believe in it and it's going to work. >> Okay? >> The brain is that powerful, man. Like it's it's so [ __ ] powerful. It's insane. The brain is um if you believe in it, it will happen and it will work. That's how powerful it is. But you have to believe in it.
>> Yeah. You have to believe in it first. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Also something well I don't know if like that's happens as well sometimes like um like when whenever I have like a bad week or something like that I have like more like a lot going on through my mental stuff like >> I have like some struggles over there and I and I really notice it but how can I like with the affirmations that will help >> yeah that will help um but you have to create a different affirmation and speak straight to the subconscious so like um
let's okay so I have to get I have a call at 11:30, but I want to continue talking about this. Okay. Um, so, uh, here, take my, let me put this in the chat. I'm going to stop sharing. Take my email and email me and then let's let's connect, okay? Because I want to I want to help you with that for sure. >> All right.
>> Okay. So, Alex Garner alexgarnner.com. Um, but just real quick, the affirmations will help, but um, journaling is going to be big for you, okay? Like even if you don't like it, it because it gets out all the negative and and it like it just gets it out. It's called mind mapping. Like whenever you feel overwhelmed and you just need to get [ __ ] out of your brain, just start writing it down.
Even if it doesn't make sense, just to get it out. The brain there's some it tricks the brain. Um because it's like like let's say that you have trouble sleeping, right? Uh and you're thinking about the things that you need to do tomorrow. What they tell you to do is go and make a list of the things you need to do and then you'll go back to sleep because you you give the brain permission to forget about it because you wrote it down somewhere.
It's like tricking the brain. It's the same thing with negative emotions and negative things that you're going through. If you write it down, it tricks the brain into forgetting about it so you don't have to think about it anymore, >> right? And then you actively have to choose positivity and positive thoughts.
But that's a little harder. But that's down the line. But I can work with you on that, dude. Let's like let's talk. I sent I did you get my email? >> Yeah, I got it over here. >> Shoot me an email. I can help with that 100%. >> All right, man. Appreciate it. >> Okay. All right. I'll talk to you soon. Thanks for showing up.
>> See you. Byebye.
