Same light. Okay. Share screen. Okay. Let's go ahead and get started here. So today um I wanted to talk about the nervous system advantage and how uh if you are able to um control your nervous system, you're going to get more sales, right? Um this is wise calm sellers close more deals. Okay, sales really is a nervous system game.
So let me explain. Um, before a [clears throat] prospect hears what you say, they feel how you are and your nervous system sets the tone for trust, clarity, and confidence in every interaction. Okay? So, um, a good technique to do before each um before each call is three breaths, deep breaths in through your nose and out through your mouth.
And on the third one, you hold in uh between the inhale and exhale. So, let's just do this real quickly, okay? I know it's a little silly, but just trust me on this. And I'll explain how it works with the body and nervous system. So, go ahead and close your eyes and let out all the still breath from the day. Just let it out.
Breathe in through your nose. Out through your mouth, in through your nose, out through the mouth. You really want to prolong that exhale. And finally, the third one. In through the nose and hold it at the top. Hold. and exhale as long as you can through the mouth. Now, how do you feel compared to 30 seconds ago? A lot different, right? Maybe just a little for some people, but the more that you do this, the more you're going to notice it.
What this does is it allows you to reset the nervous system. Three deep breaths in with the last on the hold, the last one in holding. It resets everything in your nervous system. [clears throat] Our bodies were built for fight or flight, right? Like, and it was needed when we were cavemen and women and we were hunting and we were protecting our family.
We needed that fight or flight. That's what our nervous system was created for. But in today's modern society, we are mostly safe. Unless we're in an insafe unsafe position, then we're going to feel the fight or flight especially. [snorts] But our body is still built for fight or flight all the time. So in order to reset that, we need to do the deep breathing.
Okay? So I highly recommend doing that before each sales call. [clears throat] Now when you are in a high nervous system um mode, pressure activates stress. It it literally is shown that when you're in the fight orflight mode, it it produces cortisol. Your your brain produces cortisol, which is the stress hormone. Okay? So, high stakes moments trigger your body's alarm system, shifting you into survival mode, which means that stress is released, the the the hormone cortisol.
Okay? Stress also changes your tone. It changes your voice, your pace, and your body language if you're on Zoom calls. So shift before you realize it's happening. Right? This is going to alter how you show up. That's why I say do do the deep breathing before each uh before each call. Whether we believe it or not, buyers feel our state.
Prospects detect our emotional state instantly and often subconsciously. So even though they don't um notice it consciously, they're they're tapping into it subconsciously. Which means that our that most of our decision-m comes from the subconscious mind. So their decision-m is coming from that part of the mind that knows that you are feeling some type of way.
Okay? So they're going to know this before you even process your words subconsciously. That's important to understand. Okay? Here's the two states that matter. Regulated and disregulated. regulated nervous system is calm. It's grounded and centered. It's present, fully engaged with the current moment, the present moment.
It's clear, thinking logically and strategically. A regulated nervous system keeps your thinking thinking brain online. It allows you to navigate objections with confidence and respond with genuine empathy. Now, a disregulated uh nervous system is rushed. It's speaking too fast, missing cues. It's defensive, taking feedback personally.
It's reactive, responding from emotion, not strategy. When a nervous system is disregulated, survival responses take over, like overtalking, rushing through pitches, and avoiding tough objections altogether. That's a disregulated nervous system. what stress does to the brain. When stress hormone rises, which is cortisol, the brain shifts into protection mode, which means that creativity, listening, and empathy drops significantly.
Those are three skills that every closer needs. Creativity, listening, and empathy. Your prefrontal cortex goes offline when stress goes up. Cortisol, it gets put into the system. Your prefrontal cortex goes offline. you're not able to make decisions better. This is why pressure makes even skilled salespeople sound completely different.
So number one, amygdala activates threat. Your brain's alarm center detects danger and triggers an immediate stress response. The second thing is cortisol increases. That's what I was mentioning. Stress hormones flood your system, preparing your body for fight, flight or freeze. And then the third thing that happens is logical thinking decreases.
The prefrontal cortex responsible for reasoning and decision-m goes offline. This physiological cascade happens in seconds and it affects everything from the tone of voice of to the ability to handle objections with grace. So see why this is important in closing. Another thing I want to talk about is calm is contagious.
So buyers mirror your nervous system. It has to do with the subconscious mind. Okay. So, human brains are wired to mirror the emotional states of those around them. One of my favorite quotes is you are the average of the five people you spend the most time with. This is a big reason why. Because our brains are wired to match what's going on around us.
So, if if our environment is chaotic, we're chaotic. If our environment is calm, we're calm. So, you have to be the first person to step into that and regulate your nervous system so you are calm. So then your your responder, your your client, your lead is calm, too. Calm creates safety. While when you stay grounded, prospects feel physiologically safe and to engage openly.
They're they're more likely to be vulnerable when you're calm. Safety enables decisions. A relaxed nervous system allows buyers to think clearly and move forward with confidence. Human nervous systems synchronize Think about that. That's pretty crazy, right? But there's a lot of data that shows this. So when you stay calm, when you stay calm and grounded, the prospect system relaxes, too.
Calm is not passive. Calm is persuasive. Okay. [clears throat] So, here's a 60-second regulation reset used before and during any call. Okay. Um, this is another a different way that you can do the three-step inb breath that I was telling you earlier. You cannot think your way into calm. You breathe your way into it.
Longer exhales activate the parasympathetic nervous system, which is the body's natural calming mechanism, and bring clarity back online. So, number one, slow your speech. Deliberately reduce your pace to signal safety to your nervous system. Step two, inhale for 4 seconds. Breathe in slowly through your nose counting to four. And finally or sorry, step three is exhale 6 seconds.
So like we did earlier, release breath even more slowly activating your calming response. And step number four is to relax your shoulders and jaw. Release the physical tension. Drop your shoulders and unclench your jaw. If you do this before every call, you will see a major difference in both how you show up and how your client and lead responds, which gives you more control over the conversation to be more persuasive.
Now, regulated sellers do this. These are behavior shifts that close deals. When your nervous system is regulated, your behavior changes naturally. So you become more confident, more present, and significantly easier to trust. So pause instead of rushing. Give yourself and the prospect time to process and reflect.
Ask instead of assuming. Stay curious about the prospect's real needs and concerns. Three, listen instead of pitching. Here's uh hear what is really being said beneath the surface objections and respond instead of react. Choose thoughtful responses over automatic defense re reactions. A lot of times people closers think uh or they say here well I I don't even know what to say.
I don't know what to say. And that's because you're you're you have a disregulated nervous system. You're not able to think clearly. That's why you don't know what to say. So, if you regulate your nervous system, you're going to be able to know what you're saying and and it's going to come to you because you're more calm, you're more present, you're grounded.
Make sense? Okay. So, [clears throat] state first, strategy second. Your nervous system sets the ceiling. No sales technique can overcome a disregulated state. If you have a disregulated nervous system, good luck. Okay? Your phys your physiology physiology determines your performance capacity. Two, calm increases trust.
Prospects feel safer, more open, and more willing to engage when you show up regulated and grounded. Regulation improves consistency. Managing your state allows you to perform at your best regardless of external pressure of circum or circumstances. And remember this, top performers don't eliminate stress, they manage it.
When you regulate your nervous system first, your skills finally work the way they were meant to work. Okay. The advantage. Start with state. Watch everything change. Your nervous system is the most powerful sales tool. Master it and you'll unlock consistent performance, deeper trust, and more close deals.
Not through harder work, but through calmer presence. So, I hope this was beneficial for you. Okay. um nervous system can really impact a lot of your calls. If you're if you're quick uh quick with your pitch, if you don't allow pauses, if you talk a lot, if you overthink during it, all of those things are mean that you have a disregulated nervous system.
Okay? So, do these exercises before each call to calm your nervous system and you will close more deals 100%. Okay. Now, if you're new here or if you've been here, you'll notice that I have a new sign here. Rewire your mind. Rewrite your life. I 120% believe in that. This is rewiring your mind. Doing things like this, re reeregulating your nervous system. Okay.
So, um I I completely I've studied so much about neuroscience and so much about sales. This is where it's at. Rewiring your mind. Okay. So, that's what I'm going to be focusing on these next couple weeks. So, come back. Much love. Um, stay sober if you're sober out there. Obviously, I'm a sober life coach, but I talk more about sales on here.
Um, but much love and and have a good day, guys. Okay. Go out there and sell. Talk to you soon. Bye-bye.
