Wait a couple minutes just in case somebody comes through. Wait for a couple people to log on. Should have made more coffee before this. Wait till 11:01. Share my desktop. Okay, we'll go ahead and get started. Um, so all right, so first of all, welcome in. Um, my name is Alex Garner. I am uh a sober life coach and I pri primarily help um high performers who are in sales
space or CEOs or owners uh quit drinking. Now, it can be anything. It can be drugs, any addiction. Um, I' I've helped. I'm trained with within uh all of them. So, uh it's the same stuff going on mentally, right? So, I just want to make sure that that that's all uh taken care of.
So, yes, I I help high performers primarily, but what I want to do here is to to teach you guys about sobriety and science. Okay? So there's been a lot of connections between science and sobriety really develop in the last year and a half or two years. And the reason why is they started studying uh more about it. Uh because AA is not it's not working as as well as it used to and it's not working for a lot of people.
I think people have evolved beyond AA. It's very old program 1936 or 34 I believe. Um I am a product of AA. So that's where I want to start. Um I I I am a product of AA. I'm a big supporter of it. I love it. But it's not for everybody, right? And I know that. So who I cater to are the people that love the science, that love facts, that love figures, that want to just know what the hell's going on with the body while we're drinking and after it. Okay.
So that's what I want to cover a little bit about today and what I'm going to offer on these courses on these classes. Uh the first thing I do with my clients is we talk about their morning routine. Okay? And uh I used to have this later in the program, but I uh I really like it and I ended up just getting people on it right away. This thing is powerful.
Okay? It doesn't matter if you're in addiction or not, but I'm but uh this is powerful. Okay. So, that's what I wanted to share with you today is our first first real go at this first class so to speak for high performers that want that are interested. Maybe you're so sober curious.
Maybe you're just looking to get into this and that's okay. Um maybe you have a family member that uh has been uh diagnosed uh with with uh alcoholism. Maybe you've been through it yourself. Maybe you have friends and family. So, this is just to help educate the public on what's really going on with alcohol. Okay? So, I want to start with this.
Everything that revolves around alcohol today is a damn lie. Now, that is a very strong statement to say, but I promise it is, and I have the proof to back it up. First things first, it is the only market industry in marketing where they do not have to prove what they're saying drinking causes you or causes for you.
Let's say that I I'm a sober life coach, right? And I help people get sober off drugs and alcohol. Um, and I say it's a 94% success rate. I have to freaking prove that. For supplements, they have to prove it. They have to show focus groups. They have to show case studies. But with alcohol, they can promise you whatever and they don't have to show [ __ ] So, think about how big of a marketing scheme it really has been alcohol.
There's about 5 10 years ago, there was some articles that came out that said that alcohol is good for the heart. One glass of wine is good for the heart. You will not find those anymore because it's not true. That was really the last gasp for the public eye. uh that they're trying to sell alcohol.
Now you see everyone moving to 0% alcohol because there's a movement going on and in sales you always want to be first at learning new new techniques right so then you can go out there and utilize them I am in high ticket sales myself so I understand sales um obviously for my sober coaching but also I work for J Shetty certification school or have worked with them on high ticket offers so I do know the sales background and I know how the sales mind works because I have one Um, so just know that right now a little bit about me. Um, oh, just real quick also,
they don't have to put any calories or any nutritional facts on alcohol. You'll see that they're never there. They don't have to. It's the only industry that has to that can do that. So, they they're obviously hiding something, right? The truth is alcohol kills more than 3.3 million people every year. And that's not counting driving incidents.
These are flatout people's bodies failing from alcohol. 3.3 million. It's a lot of people. It's a lot of [ __ ] people. And if they had to show anything, that's what they should show on the damn bottle. that doesn't take into consideration all the things that it affects all the thing all the relationships that it kills, all the people that you've that you've affected by it.
So, just, you know, throughout this, I want you to kind of raise your awareness levels of how alcohol is actually treating you and how it's lying to you because it's a big lie from the marketing scheme down to the the [ __ ] that's on the on the that that they say that, you know, you'll get this, you'll feel cool, you'll look better, you'll other people will look better, you'll be more in flow, your social interactions, all of those things, why you drink are not true.
and I want to help raise your awareness around that. Okay, so first step first or first things first, who the hell am I? I'm Alex. Uh, like I said, a sober life coach for two and a half or gez, I need to say three years now. And um, I struggled with drugs and alcohol for 17 years to the point where I was homeless in Chicago for a year and a half. Okay.
So, I I've built up many lives and broke them down over and over and over. And it wasn't until I addressed the real reason why why I was cross addict why I had cross addiction, jumping from drug to drug to alcohol to drug um that is that was a harsh realization, but it was needed and I had to have that harsh realization in order to change.
But, uh it I I didn't choose to do that. Um it just happened. So I was in rehab for the fifth time. Uh all different times I went in for a different drug or alcohol. Uh alcohol or drug and I um I ended up reading gifting getting a book uh given to me when I was in rehab for the fifth time. And this book was called Think Like a Monk by J. Shetty.
Now, my sister gifted it to me. Uh, she didn't know how to help anymore. So, she's like, "Here, read a damn book." It was the first book I've ever written I've ever read cover to cover. That's pretty sad, but it's true. So, this book gave me things to stay sober. Rehab would help me get sober, but not stay sober.
I could I could get a a couple weeks under my belt, but then I couldn't stay it. I would I would just relapse. on the same drug or a different drug or alcohol. So, with that being said, um I read this book. It changed my life. In the book, they talk about a monk mind and a monkey mind. I had the monkey mind down. I knew I knew what that was.
Never finishing a thought, always jumping from thought to thought. Um just chaos in your mind. And in the book, they talked about a monk mind on the contrary. And I was like, "Oh, that's interesting. I definitely want to I definitely want to know what that's about. And it basically is when you don't have to like nothing bothers you, right? Like that was the like when I would when I would try to stay sober, everything would bother me.
So then I would go and drink or use. So I needed to learn how to get a monk mind because that was my my path to peace. That was my path to survival at this point. cuz again I was homeless for a year and a half in Chicago, the real deal in Southside. Okay. Um I don't wish that on anybody. Um winters just terrible.
One of the winters was -40 when I was there was the polar vortex which was the coldest point on Earth at that point. It was -40 windchill. Um uh yeah, just crazy. So um but I read this book. It changed my life. I found out he was a life coach. I found out he had his own school for life coaching and that's where I went. So I went to J.
Shetty certification school who who I then worked for after. Um but these tools introduced neuroscience to me and this is where I really want to hit hard. Every single tool that I have that I'm going to give you throughout this process is all backed by science. They're not just woo woo spiritual ideas that maybe will work.
They will work if you put in the work. I know that. I I know who I'm talking to here. I know that you most of you guys are sales or CEOs or owners. You will put in the work, but you just need to know the work to do. That's what I want to give you. Okay? So, that's that's kind of the point here, right? To give you the work so you don't have to go to rehab.
So, you don't have to spend 30 days. You don't have to admit to publicly that you have a problem. You can just do these tools and get better. That's what I ultimately want for you and for this community. So, we're going to start with the first tool today, the five-step morning routine. I'm going to explain every step of the process, why it works, what the science is behind it, and how to do it.
Okay? So, let's let's get started here. I'm not I'm not going to be talking to you guys like your little kids. Okay? I know that you understand my lingo. I know what you're I know you're in sales community. So, let's just get moving here. All right. So, let me pull this up. Okay. Five-step morning routine. Now, I need to redo this.
Don't make fun of me because it's yellow and looks stupid, but it is what it is. Okay. So, five-step morning routine. First step, emotional dump. I call it the emo dump. Okay. Um, you want to get out everything negative in your mind. Everything. uh your biggest fears, your negative emotions, things that you're frustrated about, things that you're angry about.
Go very [ __ ] deep here. As deep as you can go. Okay. The reason for this is think about like a lot of you are probably overthinkers and you have trouble sleeping like me. Um so if you have trouble sleeping, they tell you to go and write. Either write down what you're thinking, write down what it is you need to do the next day if that's what's keeping you up.
But after you write it down, your brain gives you permission to stop thinking about it. That's what happens neurosciencewise. So that's what we want to do here. We want to get out everything negative. So your brain gives you permission to not think about it anymore. You've already thought about it, but you've gotten it out.
Okay? So that's the first step here. The second step is the gratitude brag book. I want if you struggle with self-love and self-worth, then do the brag book or do both. if you're if you really want to do this. So, write down three things that you're grateful for. So, now that we've cleared out the negative, we've gotten it all out of the way, we need to replace it with something positive immediately because our brains are wired for negativity.
I'll tell you a stat here. Um, people have 60 to 80,000 thoughts a day. 80% of them are negative. Separate fact, 80% of them are repetitive. So most of the thoughts that we have through our days are negative and repetitive. That's a normal human being. Okay? So with facts like that, we need to get out the negative and we need to replace it with something positive because if we don't, boom, it's negative again.
And we haven't done anything. It's like the whole first step was pointless. So you have to do a something positive after it to fill it. That's where gratitude comes in. Now, not grateful for breath or grateful for air or grateful for [ __ ] I mean, give me a break. I want to hear I want I want you to get down and and figure out what you're actually grateful for.
Something that no one else has. That's the challenge. I want you to think differently. In order to change, you have to think differently, especially around alcohol. So, to think differently, you have to think differently. So, if you writing down things that you're grateful for and you've said them before, you're not thinking hard enough.
You have to change your thinking. So, think differently. Okay, brag book. Again, three things that you need to brag on yourself for. If you struggle with self-love or self-worth, that's fine. Um, if you got a couple good sales the day before, brag on yourself here. I always do both. I do gratitude and brag book just because why the hell not? I just need positive.
Okay, so that's the second step. Now, the third step is the life plan or the business plan. And I'm going to show you both. Okay. So the third step is basically a um a long affirmation. Okay. So the second page here is the life plan. This is how you fill it out and this is how you structure it. So first you answer these questions.
What is your goal? Who does it help? Two to three perfect traits of your ideal self. Your biggest fear if you don't do this? Your single biggest strength in relation to this goal? And what's your big why? For this goal, I want you to say sobriety. My goal is sobriety. Okay. So, I'm going to write this with you.
Okay? And then once you have them answered, you plug them into this long paragraph here later down here. Okay? So, I am so e happy and grateful that I am now sober easily help or that I am now sober helping myself. That's what you're going to say, right? Because those are the answers right here. So, let's write this down. I am so happy and grateful.
And I'll explain the science behind affirmations. They're awesome. They're freaking awesome that I am now sober helping myself. Okay, so that's the first line, right? One, two. I finally am blank. Two to three perfect traits of your ideal self. Focused for me, focused, disciplined, and honest. You want to think about um you want to think about values that you're not acting out right now.
So what are your values that you either want or what are your values that you're ignoring? That's what you want as your two to three perfect traits. So focused, disciplined, and honest now. Um I finally am right. I finally am. Okay. Number three. I am not terrified that D your biggest fear if you don't do this that I'll relapse or lapse whatever.
If you don't like that word that's fine but I'm I am not terrified that I'll relapse for me or that I'll lose it all or I'll lose my job or I'll lose my family or lose my wife whatever you're facing with your with your drinking problem. um losing focus at work, right? Some of you might not have big problems yet, but alcohol will cause them. Trust me. Okay.
Um so I am not terrified that I'll relapse because and then e your single biggest strength in relation to this goal. Uh because I am committed to myself. That's my single biggest strength. Okay. Now, what's your big why? Okay, so I will make this happen because I'm just going to be cheesy here because it's my destiny.
I need me and I will not fail me. So, the reason why we do this, okay, um is really important. It's the affirmations where this is how you rewrite your subconscious mind. Okay? Um this is how you rewrite your conscious mind. You have to say these things over and over again. So basically when you're saying this bottom paragraph that you just wrote here, you're going to be saying it as step three.
So you have to say it three times out loud. Okay? And I'm going to do that. I'm going to go through this and show you exactly what it looks like. It's going to be goofy, but trust me, when you do it by yourself, it's not that bad. Um, and it's it's this 100% works. Like this isn't woowoo crap, okay? This is for real. Um, so, okay.
Now, uh, step four is affirmations and visualization. So, take your affirmation from week eight exercise and pick one or don't worry about that for you. Or you're going to take the first line that you just wrote down here in the life plan. So, I am so happy and grateful that I am now that I'm now sober easily helping myself or that I'm now sober helping myself.
You're going to say that 10 times out loud. 10 times internally. And if you want to take the extra step, write it down 10 times. This is how much work it needs cuz we have 60 to 80,000 negative thoughts, right? Or 80% of them are negative and repetitive. So, it takes this much work to rewrite them. Okay? Okay.
And I'll go through this whole thing in a second, but and then visualize your perfect day and manifest what you want. The fifth step is do one thing differently than you did yesterday. You can kind of write this off, but I always do it. I love it. This will change your life 110%. If you do this every day for a week, you will notice big changes.
Right now, the life plan is that one. There is a business plan that's not showing up here. Okay? Okay, it's right here that if you want to make it more about your monthly income goal. So instead of the life plan up here on on this one that we wrote for step three, you can substitute this one, the business plan, and I'll send this out.
So what is your monthly income goal? Who is your audience? Two to three perfect traits of your ideal self. You just plug it in down here. Make sense? Okay. Um and then you say that three times. So, if you're if you're an owner or this this this will help with the business, too. Okay. So, I'll read you mine.
All right. Um what I just wrote. So, step one, emo dump. Um Okay. Uh I'm just going to just going to do mine for real here. We got 10 minutes left. So, yeah, we can do that. Okay. Step one, emo dump. Yesterday, my partner and I got into it. It was stupid, but we both dove in. We're not talking right now. Blah blah blah blah. Right. Okay.
So, you just want to write down like everything negative. I know some people are like, well, why, you know, why do you want to do that? Because you're then you're going to bring negativity in the world. But no, you're getting rid of it actually. That's the whole point. That's why we replace it with something positive. Okay, so that's step one.
Step two is is um gratitude. So, what am I what am I grateful for that I have that nobody else does? Okay, so um I'm gonna say Matt Ryder for doing something like this, making this idea come into fruition. Uh gratitude. Um, I'm going to say even though we're in a fight, my partner. Um, number three is going to be my sobriety for 4 and 1/2 years.
Over four and a half years. So, I'm just giving examples. Bragbook sold two pips yesterday. Okay? Uh, and then so on. Then do three of those. Now, this is the most important part. Uh, and when you're saying this out loud, step three, the life plan or business plan, please say it with conviction. Okay? There's something that I'm going to go through next time called think it, feel it, act it.
Or I'm sorry, think it, feel it, act it, become it. Um, it's how affirmations work. And I'll explain that on the science uh with the science backing next episode or next next session. Uh, but with this, this is what we're going to do. So, and say it with conviction. Even like almost enter in your actor and actress mode that you have to do sometimes for sales.
Like, you know, you have to care when you really don't. Um, so, so, but for real, do this with conviction. Okay. So, here, and it's going to sound silly, but the more that you believe it, the more that it's going to happen. It's going to make opportunities happen in your life so you can be that way. Okay? So, I'm so happy and grateful that I am sober helping myself.
I finally am focused, disciplined, and honest. I am not terrified that I'll relapse because I'm committed to myself. I will make this happen because it's my destiny. I need and I will not fail me. Then say that two more times, right? And then you say the first line. I am so happy and grateful that I am that I am sober helping myself.
I'm so happy and grateful that I'm sober helping myself. I'm so happy and grateful that I'm sober helping myself. Say that 10 times out loud. Send 10 times internally. And then basically the do one thing different than yesterday. The last step. Um I'm just going to say I'm no sugar in my coffee today. Which is true. Okay.
And that's just going to build cuz think about that. If you do that every day, that's going to really build and it's going to help you raise your awareness around doing things differently because we have to think and do things differently in order to change, right? Okay. I wish there were more people on here so I could field questions, but that's okay.
Um, if you need anything, uh, then please email me, reach out on YouTube or or whatever platform you need to, uh, I will send this out or I will attach these files hopefully to the YouTube upload. Um, and I I think that's enough for today. I I usually want to field questions late uh like the last five minutes. So, we'll just kind of end it early today. But that's a lot.
Um if you start doing this or if you have any questions about how to fill it out, please please please reach out because it it is really important that you get a flow in these affirmations. You don't want to just be saying stuff. There is a certain organizational um there's a certain organization of affirmations that work.
And I'll explain that next time. It's really cool. So, come back. how how affirmations actually work because people believe in manifestation that you just think it and it just pops out of nowhere. That's not [ __ ] true. Okay? Where's the science? I have the science behind why that works. Why thinking about it becomes something in in our in our life, how how we perceive things and how we how we experience the world through our senses.
So that's what we're going to highlight next time. So we'll go ahead and end five minutes early today. But uh thank you so much for being here. Thank yourself for being here. Okay, you are now starting to take action on an issue that maybe you haven't been maybe you've been ignoring it. Maybe you have been just setting it aside because it's not that big of a deal.
But I'm here to tell you it is a big deal. Alcohol ruined my [ __ ] life several times. And I'm not joking. It almost took my life. I got into so many things when I was homeless that I shouldn't have been getting into. you know, I have I've I have a record, right? I have all this trespassing [ __ ] And so, just just get it, but tackle it before it gets worse.
You don't want to you don't want that lifestyle. I promise. Plus, this is going to help your sales. The better that you're doing personally, the more that you're going to show up for sales. We're going to talk about how it affects sales, too. I'm going to get very specific. Um, so buckle up, tune in, and let's do this. Stay sober, friends.
