Hey, I'm Cherag. You might know me from
Jeremy Miner cuz I used to sell for him
and then I used to train exclusively in
his in his inner circle. And I used to I
used to run probably the most one-on-
ones maybe ever in in a period. So, I
used to run 14 a day and I've trained
250 plus people. Um, more importantly
than that, the most important thing is
results. Now, I now I run my own gig and
six out of seven people were getting
results. The other person just left
sales, so I didn't really continue. So
reason we're able to get results and
that's the most import important part of
this training is getting results is each
of those people I'm working with closely
now the development area was always very
specific to them. None of them are
exactly the same. So just working on
objection handling or one of the area, I
don't know, lead generation or whatever
it might be that you need to fix in
sales is I love looking at all of it and
finding the exact thing that's going to
fix and get the results for you. So
that's what we're going to do in the
training if you're up for it, which is
come along with your specific problem,
come along with your data, your specific
problem, and then together we're going
to solve it. And the interesting thing
is some of the solutions aren't just
going to lie in what you say and what
you do. They might be fixing your sales
map, so you're mapping it more to what
happens in the buyer's brain rather than
in the selling methodology. It might be
that your lead generation isn't
optimized. I mean optimized or
systemized. So you got to get that fixed
so you got enough opportunity on the
calendar. Could be that one of the
problems in your sales call can be fixed
by doing something outside of sales. and
more often than not something that needs
fixing in your unconscious. This is
going to be fun. It's going to be fun if
you enjoy actually getting
breakthroughs. It's going to be fun if
you enjoy getting very specific help and
you like doing it in an environment with
somebody that really enjoys it. So come
along and we're going to get some
really, really good results.
