Most of you don't know me yet. I'm
Dylan, a high performance coach for six
and seven figure entrepreneurs and
athletes. I'm not here to teach you
sales. You've already got that covered
by many, many great people in this
program, but I am here to give you the
edge outside of sales, the edge in
energy, the edge and focus, the edge
that makes you the kind of weapon people
don't want to compete against and makes
you the top of your industry. And yeah,
potentially for you guys that are really
keen, you might even end up looking like
one of Andy Elliot's guys too, which is
pretty cool. So, I work with six and
seven figure entrepreneurs, athletes,
and high performing professionals who
want more than just another grind. They
want systems for physiology, psychology,
productivity, and influence that build
sustainable dominance. No hypes, no
hacks, just the operating operating
system that let you go harder, longer
without burning out. So, what I'll be
running and presenting on is what I call
the 15minute edge. Each session is
short, sharp, tactical, and it's going
to be in under 15 minutes. I was going
to come up with some pretty cool name
like the 15 minutes upgrade your [ __ ]
and have a less [ __ ] up life, but I
was like, look, the 15minute edge sounds
really, really good. What I'm going to
do in that is I'm actually going to
build it out into one solid framework
that will help you to hardwire clarity,
resilience, and elite level output. Um,
inside I'll show you how to train your
body, your brain like the world's top
performers. So, sales, business, and
life just gets easier because you're
showing up sharper, stronger, and more
dangerous than your competition.
Cool thing about this is I just want to
make it super practical. I want to make
it easy to implement and yeah, pretty
much give you guys a ton of value. I've
also got a little freebie for you guys.
If you drop burn the bridges below this,
I'll send you my 15minute sales juice
primer that I use to shift my state and
get my brain on. It's It's pretty
[ __ ] cool how this works. So, drop
that down below. Look forward to giving
you guys a ton of value over the next
few weeks and really look forward to
presenting these 15minute models. Let's
get it.
