speaking. >> Okay, I'll keep an eye on the waiting room and we can dive in. Uh, some unfamiliar names. I don't know if any of you guys been on one of my trainings before or this is the first you've seen my face. Lucky you. Uh, so just for a real bit quick bit of context, I can help with anything sort of sales related in terms of process structure.
Doesn't really it doesn't matter what industry that you're in. Um, I'd say my selling style is quite similar to Matt's. I have worked alongside Matt Ryder for a fair while. I, you know, first worked with him like four or five years ago, paid to work with him one-on-one. So, uh, anything around that I can certainly help with.
Uh I'd say another key area of focus for me is around helping people develop their sales EQ. So we all familiar with the term EQ sales emotional emotional intelligence in in sales. So think of your process, your structure, the questions we ask like the logical foundation, the IQ aspect of of sales. Um and you certainly want that. Uh, another mentor of mine once shared an analogy with me whereby like once you've got your process dialed in, following it is kind of like the safe path from one side of a minefield to the other. And and right um and then the way
that I sort of describe adding EQ or emotional intelligence to your skill set is knowing that sometimes Yeah. like uh just for no reason at all. We might be walking that path and go, "Ah, there's a there's a mine here today and we need to understand how to effectively move around that and then get back on track.
" And so every person that we speak to is a little bit differently and I'm sure that you know you guys don't speak to your partners in the exact same way when they're in a good mood as when they're in a stressed mood or they're angry. So the the state a person is in when we're in having a sales conversation or an outbound or a cold call is going to influence how they interpret and then respond to the things that we say or the questions that we that we ask and the state that they're in is conducive very much so like you can predict whether they will buy and
move forward or take the next step or whether they will be resistant to it. And so I try to help people to be able to firstly like read that, be able to accurately um uh you know kind of diagnose quote unquote what state that person is in and then how do we effectively shift that person to the state that they need to be in so that we can best help them.
Make sense hopefully in a nutshell. It's okay if it doesn't. Um so yeah any questions are welcome but that's just so you guys know that is an area focus. So, if there's any certain pro uh prospects that you find that you struggle with or you're noticing some type of resistance where it's like something just feels off or they're not opening up, etc.
, etc., I can I can help you to problem solve that for sure. So, Stephen, you've got your hand up. How can I help? >> Yeah. Uh, so first time on the call. I've watched a few of your recordings before. So, um, question is kind of related to that. So, I'm still relatively new uh to sales. Been through some of those initial highs and lows in the past couple months here.
Hit the ruts and started to change. Everything kind of spiral out of control. But eventually with like Josh's guidance, I'm on committed coaches. So, I work with um Josh. >> Yes. >> Yeah. So, I've been more simplifying now, sticking to the process. More recently, I've been closing around 16% and um I'm now trying to incorporate more of the EQ starter uh >> kind of stuff.
So, I I like the concept you teach of referring to the the map of consciousness. So, I guess my question is for someone like me at this stage now, >> would you recommend integrating this knowledge to my sales calls? And what are like the tangible steps you'd say I can take to do so without changing too much and kind of [ __ ] myself up in the process if you know what I mean? >> Yeah, great question.
So, I always suggest to sales reps is to think of this metaphorical sales toolkit. And what we want to do is uh all like all getting better at sales is is identifying or finding problems and then solving them. And so solving those problems requires sometimes different tools, but they might not be tools that we that we need to use every single time consistently.
They may just be tools that we need to pull out if we're like, uh, oh, I've got this problem. Okay, cool. Pull that tool out, use that, and I can put it back. >> So, it's like, think of it like that. Whereas like the, you know, it's different to that consistent structure that you kind of are going to go through and sometimes we need to use different tools.
So, without listening to your calls or really knowing exactly where you're at, like I'm not, you know, just know that, take my advice with a grain of salt and I will just give you just >> kind of more generic type of advice. But >> I would say that you can, there's some really easy ways that you can um start to develop or just apply a little bit more sales EQ.
And some of it can just come from like understanding your offer. So, for example, on an offer like committed coaches where um they're not always necessarily expecting that it's a sales conversation, it they um you know, they've not put their hand up and said, "Hey, like I I I want to explore coaching.
" Um you know, then the biggest thing that we can get sometimes is just uh resistance and that's the thing that we want to manage. It's a really good place to start with even in your communication with me. And I don't know if your tone's exactly the same when you're in a sales conversation, but you've got quite a deep voice. It's quite monotone.
And you know, the best tone by far to really minimize sales resistance is like a lot of curiosity. >> And so it doesn't really matter so much. Um, you know, for example, monotone isn't like deep flat. It's just the use of a singular tone. So I might have a really high voice but if I hold it like thatone might have a really deep voice but if it's like that monotone. Okay.
So I think something that you could work on is like intonations where it's the move a bit more movement of your voice up and down. And the biggest one being that really upward inflection espec es especially at the end of uh sorry the top of our our our calls which is just the most common tone we would generally use through a sales conversation which is just curiosity. It's very light.
It's very disarming. It's It's very like um hey, I'm just like I'm just interested in in finding more about you. >> And so a lot of that. So I think that's like a good place to start because >> if we're thinking about like the EQ, it's understanding well what does that type of tone accomplish? >> And what it accomplishes is it the idea is it relaxes people.
it is um you know if I if I can have some like cheeky oneliners that I always use to get someone to kind of laugh a little bit that's great at opening somebody up. So like my goal is just to I want someone as quickly as possible to just be pretty cool, calm, and collected and almost being like >> this guy's cool.
I want to talk to him >> as opposed to in their back of their mind being like uh like how do I get out of this conversation, >> right? >> So yeah, does that help? Cuz like again without listen calls, just listening to how you're interacting with me now, >> you're quite you can sound quite serious because you're >> quite a low tone.
So, if you can work on practicing that a bit, like just coming across a bit more light, a bit more relaxed, uh, in my opinion, I think that would that would certainly help you >> for sure. I I do tend to find like when I'm on the sales calls, I'm more conscious of that. So, I do pick it up a bit.
Um, my my general talking voice is very >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But the same we've all we've all typically got our sales voice, you know. >> Yeah. So, I do have a bit of a sales voice, but what I've been doing just to to kind of incorporate it a bit, I I've worked with chat GPT just a bit, like using some of the stuff I've seen you talk about with past lessons, kind of plugging that in.
And I've kind of deduced like between uh so the process I follow is like Josh, I go impact, consequence, and then future facing the positive. So sometimes what I do if I do find some of that fear, that skepticism after I consequence them, I kind of do that thing where you kind of bring them up a bit, uh, highlighting that I do see you're a bit skeptical.
You have some doubt about whether this will work or whatever. And I want to really kudos to you. A lot of people are in a similar situation and they never do anything about it. Blah blah blah. I've noticed that helps a bit too. um right before I ship them into that future state, they kind of open up a bit more >> and they give me more emotional answers as it relates to what they hope to see change once they get this weight off, stuff like that.
So would you say that's like a good place? >> Yeah. No, I think that's and again like it'd be helpful to um you know it's easier when we can sort of hear calls but um if you are getting and again skepticism is an example of resistance. So, and it's a mask like a person wears because they don't feel what they don't feel safe there or they feel unsure.
There's uncertainty and and so they're certainly not going to move forward with that. And so it's a little bit like um uh you know talking about the elephant in the room and then normalizing it like cool you know what if I if I was to put myself in your shoes for a moment like I would feel exactly the same.
You know what I mean? So like if you're a bit like I don't know about this guy, right? Well, I mean I can't blame you. I've just called you out of the blue. You know what I mean? I totally get it, right? So like there's opportunities >> to be that's it's the same as turning like that's how I've always been able to turn complaints or unhappy customers into sales is that you just you just like 100%.
I mean if I was in your shoes I'd feel exactly the same. >> That sounds frustrating. has it been frust you know what I mean and if you can just put yourself in their shoes really normalize it then what that causes in their mind is like ah >> okay this this guy isn't like here to argue with me he he's not telling me I'm wrong like he's actually listening he's actually >> understanding uh and then now I've got an opportunity where like look perhaps if that isn't necessarily serving them um I can offer a suggestion to look at it now and open them I've got to make sure they feel
like I'm on their like the same side of the table so to speak first >> and so yeah all of those are like a really good way and I think like something I notice sales reps do a lot is you guys >> um I'm sure we can all say at the very least like you can recognize when there is resistance you might not be able articulate like exactly what it is or what's going on, but you're like something kind of feels off.
It feels like it's just a bit awkward or something like that. Yeah. Rather than like if this is if it's persistent. Yeah. Um sometimes it's easier to just pause and ask, >> especially while you're developing your school your skill and to be like, "Hey, do do you mind if we just like like time out for a second? Um, I just like is it cool if I share with something with you that that I've noticed just through our conversation so far and you could just let me know if I'm like way off here or whatever. Yeah.
Like >> right >> um you know just so you know my best intention is to help and and like I don't know. I'm just kind of sensing that something feels uh just a little bit off and and I mean have I have I potentially said or asked something that's offended you? Have I have I just caught you like is it is just today, you know, not not a great day like or am I just way off here? Am I just making stuff up? You know what I mean? >> Yeah.
>> Like I've never had that not work well when I've >> basically asked for permission and then just blamed myself being like, I'm probably like I'm this is I'm probably way off here, but like >> is something going on or like is everything okay? and they've either changed their tune because they've been like, "Oh, uh, oh, no, no, no, sorry, no, everything's fine.
" Or just like, "I was a little bit distracted." Yeah. No, sorry. Continue. Or they will be they will share a concern with me. You know, like, >> well, no. Well, yeah, I guess maybe a little bit. Like, I mean, you just called me out of the blue. Like, I'm just still not really clear on what the call like why we're having this conversation. It's like, ah, cool.
Perfect. appreciate you sharing that with I can get that out of the way and we can kind of move on. So that's kind of like a >> a um hey there if we sort of need it. So I hope that helps. It seems that you're doing the right things but >> stick with that process and and I want you to start to >> like pay a little bit more attention to resistance that comes up in the call whether it is resistance to you or resistance to certain questions.
What does it sound like? what language are they using? What tone are they using? Where does it happen? >> Um because then you can start to diagnose is it just >> the way that I've asked the question like it could be I've worded it. It could be the tone in which I asked it could be a little bit of both or is it more resistance on their end and and right and then you know you can kind of start again like I said start to problem solve from there.
Does that help? Yeah, that definitely helps. And like you said, Committed is one of those offers they kind of come in a bit skeptical cuz they tried a lot of stuff, the supplements they bought, >> that's where it's at. But that's definitely a big help. >> Cool. Well, let's role play in a second, but I just wanted to remind the crowd that like if you guys have got questions or you want to role play, you need feedback, like whatever you need, like just put your little emoji hands up cuz uh otherwise I'll just I'll just give more time to people if there's not too
many hands up. And I really don't like these to be lectures. You know, guys, you don't get that much out of just rocking up to a call. Um, I certainly like didn't do that. I was a squeaky wheel just constantly like, "Hey, why am I doing this? Can you help me understand this better? Role play, role play, role play." Um, Andrew.
>> Yeah. So, the offer I'm on right now, um, the marketing is it's a drop shipping offer, and the marketing advertises building a store completely for free, and we're pretty much outbounding them as soon as they opt in. And what I'm running into, um, it's advertised completely for free, but at the end of it, they have to spend $36 for them to actually publish your site, so it's like live on the web and, you know, actually get it activated.
So, it's >> Yeah. So, it's almost like a I don't know if you want to call it a trip wire in a sense or whatever, but they're coming into it not expecting to spend any money and then >> not even like like the $36 like that's it. >> No, it's that the marketing is advertised completely for free. So, store >> Yeah.
But what I'm saying is like is 36 all they have to pay? >> It's 36 a month. Yeah. >> Oh, 36 per month. Yeah. Okay. And then um are you how often like let's say you had 10 conversations with people. How many of those conversations would there be um some resistance once you let them know that hey you know there is a $36 a month >> um >> yes I'd say if I had 10 calls I'd say half right some people >> come into it expecting to actually spend money in a business to make money and then um obviously some people like oh I thought it was free whatever it may be
uh but the main question I was trying to get out of that is at the end of the call um some people like hey I don't you know I don't get paid till Wednesday I don't get paid till Friday or you know I just don't have the money with me right right now and sometimes I'm able to because sometimes it is a smoke screen sometimes is just you know I just don't have it um >> I guess the question I'm trying to get out of that is how you decipher or get around that sometimes because sometimes I'll get it earn $36. Damn, they got
bigger problems than >> some of the people are just unemployed. >> Great. We're all in this room and and I hope you know we can figure out a way to come up with 36 bucks. You know what I mean? So anyway, I digress. So I mean a couple of things there. Like I think really quickly with the the free thing, I think that like personally what I would do just because from an integrity standpoint as well, I think that this just this is just who I am is that fairly early on after being like um you know, hey, like what what did you kind
of see that made you feel like it might be worth looking into this further, etc., etc. like pretty early on I would be like a hey just so you're aware um you know how you'd mention I guess what stood out you saw build a store for free etc. Um I'm not saying at this point that it might make s that like that this might make sense for you or or we could help or that you would even want to do it.
Um but suppose it ticked all of the boxes. Um, I just kind of wanted to make you aware that, um, you know, the we can we certainly build the store for free, but in order to whatever it is that you said needs to happen, Andrew, um, there would be like a like just a like a small recurring monthly amount for for that, like nothing more than a few coffees, you know what I mean? Um, if you should decide to do that.
Does does that make sense? >> Yes. And then I move on really quickly because I don't want questions there. I just want to be like a hey FYI. Make sense? Does that make sense to you? Like I mean I'm sure as you I mean I I I I mean I'm sure I don't need to tell you this. I'm sure you wouldn't have any issues with this, right? It's like I'm sure you already know that you know you're going to spend money to make money, but I mean you might be surprised.
Some people kick up a big stink over uh you know, god forbid having to put a little bit of money into building a like a business. But um again, I'm sure that's not you, right? So, I'm going to be like, you'd be surprised some people go crazy about that, but you know, does that make sense? And then move on. So, ask your next question right away so that you don't leave room for questions.
So, you can just find something simple like that and test out where it makes the most sense. But the reason for that is like >> the longer you leave it, the more it can end up feeling to them like you hid this from them. So the earlier you're transparent and we just make it like it's just this non big deal and like that what has been advertised is true >> um like but we just need this to be able to kind of cover our cost because otherwise we'd go out of business pretty quick.
Um then I think that will serve you and minimize that kind of 50% and yeah people will be like oh >> okay right and then you're not going to get this big big deal 50% of the time towards the end. Okay. Um, now back to your original question when it comes to like, so your question was kind of like, "How do I figure out if it's a smoke screen or not?" If someone's like, "Oh, I don't have the money or I need a couple days or whatever.
" Is that is that right? >> Yeah. Cuz sometimes I'll ask like, "Is it truly a case that you just don't have $36, which is fine or is it just a little >> Let's just role play it real quick. It's it's it's really >> it's quite simple." Okay. So, the first is what's the first objection that we always make sure that we don't have the first door that we shut first in terms of like an order of operations when it comes to our objections.
What's number one, guys? >> Logistical objections. >> Nope. Before that, anyone can answer. >> If it makes sense, if they feel like this could actually help them get to where they want to go. >> Yeah. We'll call that value. So, doesn't matter what they give me. It could be like, oh, I just need to take a second, check if Mars is in retrograde.
like it doesn't matter. It's like objection aside, would you do it? Is this something that you actually feel would work for you? Why? So, for me, that's a what I'm looking for is like I'm kind of asking myself, do I feel convinced based on what this person is saying and how they're saying it that like they genuinely believe this would work for them, they want to do it, or am I sensing kind of some sort of hesitation there? Because if you're getting hesitation there, then it's a good sign that we might have a smoke screen.
>> Mhm. >> Okay. So, if we role play it like this, I'll show you. So, um just throw at me whatever the kind of money objection is that they give you. >> Um yeah, uh this is great, but I definitely want to do it, but I get paid on Wednesday. So, this is your number. I could just give you a call back on Wednesday.
>> Yeah. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, that's Hey, dude. Not not a problem at all. Uh if you need a couple days to kind of sort the funds out, no big deal. Can I can I ask uh you know I guess before we high part ways and you get back to me like money aside based on what I've gone over like is this >> is this something you actually feel would work for you or how do you sort of feel about what I've gone over so far? >> Um yeah I mean the coaching I definitely feel like you know some sort of guidance you know kind of trying to do it on my
own is kind of you know frustrating so I think some sort of >> support and guidance would be helpful. Okay, that's that's smart. Like what is it about the coaching and the guidance that you feel would um I guess be most helpful for you though? >> I mean I you know like I said before I kind of been going in circles trying to figure out so much stuff online I don't know what's true and I kind of just been going in circles and I think like you guys have the results and >> yeah I just don't get paid till Wednesday unfortunately. So
>> yeah it's cool. >> Okay I just get back to you. >> No big deal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just want to make sure that like you know at the end of the day I wouldn't want you getting back to me on Wednesday if um you know there was any reason you felt this couldn't work for you. But I don't know just based on what you said I feel pretty convinced that you feel like this is kind of what you need to get where you want to go and and so like um uh you mentioned that you don't get paid till till Wednesday but just kind of talk to
me about the money cuz like that's kind of the easy part. Uh, is it more is is it a case of like maybe there's, you know, the money's there, but maybe we're wanting to wait until Wednesday because you're concerned that it might leave you a little thin, spread thin over the next couple days, or is it that it's not there at all? Like, you know, what's the what's the story? Cuz, you know, I've been in your shoes when I first started out.
So, like, it's really no big deal, man. >> Um, yeah, I just straight just don't have it right now. Um, so I mean, I have >> no big deal. things coming up. So, I just want to take care of those and I get paid on Wednesday. So, >> okay, no big deal. What do you What do you got coming up? You said you got got a couple things you want to take care of.
What do you got coming up? >> Yeah, like rent, you know, electricity, like, you know, just living costs. >> Yeah. Okay. Well, I want to make sure you can keep a roof over your head and sort of food on the table. Um, like uh I mean I'm not sure if there's if there is but look if there was a way that I might be able to sort of figure out some type of I don't know way to get you kind of like like started or or even semi started so you can start going through some of the resources learning some of the skills so you can start making more money sooner and you know uh more
quickly get out of a position where you know you're kind of worried about rent and electricity and all this kind of other stuff like is that a conversation that you might open to having or >> um sure I don't see why not. >> Okay, cool. All right. Well, we'll just pull it up there. Like that's all I'm really looking for.
Like I can't >> I'm not going to ask for bank statements. I'm not going to be like prove it. If you want to [ __ ] me, like you've got the money there, but you just want to [ __ ] me and like whatever. Like I'm not a lie detector test. Like I can sometimes suss out like I think there's some BS going on, but equally like I can't force you to be truthful with me.
I can look at it and maybe ask myself, is there something that I did or didn't do that's caused this person not to feel comfortable enough to be really honest with me? That's certainly a question that I I can ask myself and and kind of review looking back. >> Um but you know, if they're hellbent on just like spinning some BS story to get off the call with me like, "Hey man, like it's your life and it's your goals, not mine.
my life's good if that's what you want like and you know you're I don't know too uncomfortable too afraid to just tell me how it is like what what what am I going to do about that? >> Yeah. >> You know like I feel like in sales it's just served me better to assume the best in people. So if I have that conversation like that and there's nothing in tone etc that's making me feel like this person's not being honest.
I'm just like you know they're like yep I feel like it would. here are all the reasons why like yeah no it's it's look being honest with you I just don't have the money there but like Wednesday I'll be sweet and it feels genuine well what am I what like cool I got two choices dude I can go the prospect's always lie he's probably full of [ __ ] and that's going to create a low state a lowle state in me >> okay or the other decision I can make because either way I don't know which is true is I can I can decide to believe him and go, "Okay, man." Like, you know,
if that's if that's truly the case and, you know, like it's like got nothing on you right now. And you know, maybe we go through like, "All right, well, rather than just having to wait and put this off a couple days, like is there, you know, like what are some ways that might be able to get the funds a bit quicker? You got a mate that owes you a favor.
Like you we're talking 36 bucks, you know what I mean? Like building a business is going to be hard. It's going to be uncomfortable. like you know I challenge you to think well rather than just wait yeah how can I create this for myself sooner you know so I can empower this human more and just and we we >> you know we I put him you know make sure he's in a resourceful state like is there a way we can figure this out today because we're only talking about 36 bucks dude do you know what I mean like I don't know about you but but I feel
like I'm talking to a guy who's capable of spawning 36 bucks from somewhere Do you know what I mean? Like if you got something at home, you can take down to the porn shop and just get 36 bucks, you know, because it's not so much about the 36 bucks. It's about putting yourself in a state where you're willing to do whatever it takes.
And on one hand, we've got the guy that's just going to nah, I can't be bothered doing any of that. I'll just wait a couple days till I get paid. >> Okay? Or it's like, you know, you put yourself in a situation where you're like, all right, I could wait a couple days or could make this freaking happen. And so yeah, that's kind of the conversation that I have.
And I just make it more like it's not even about the 36 bucks. It's about what would that version of you who's got a store doing X a month, living his best life. Like what would he do in this situation? Would he go, "Oh, well, I don't have the funds. I guess I got to wait a couple days." Or what would he do? You know, and at the end of the day, if if we >> if we look at every everything and the only answer is we wait a couple days.
Okay, cool, dude. We wait a couple days. But like the conversation I want to have is not just we go, "Oh, well, I guess we wait a couple days." It's like, "Well, what could I do? How resourceful can I get?" >> You know, because those are qualities and attributes that are going to put you in the best position possible to get the outcomes that you want out of working with us.
Do you see what I mean? It's like those are guys in our group that are successful and I want that for you. And so, like, that's kind of the extent of the conversation I would have. And and then again, if we get to that point where it's like, dude, I just I cannot think of a single freaking way that I can get this faster or best case, it's tomorrow instead of two days from now.
It's like, okay, cool. >> Then that's what it is. Does that does that help you? >> Yeah. >> That's where all you can do is have your process and just try and just I just think just look for the best in people unless you've got a reason that indicates they're not being truthful for whatever reason.
And then it's just about really reiterating like, "Hey, I'm here to help you. And if you want my help, cool. But if you really don't, like I can't force you to take my hand and kind of kind of walk with me." >> Yeah. Because the main thing Yeah. Because the main thing, and I don't want to take up too much time, is because >> talk faster based on the discovery I just had with them or I can notice the tone shift and stuff like that.
And I'll ask I'll do you know the value. I'll ask do you feel like this can help you? Why? Why that aspect? and then go into is it a case that usually just don't have it or is it there little uncertainty I'll just double line on that and then if they have it they do if they don't then I kind of let them go. Um >> but yeah it's just annoying sometimes because I can hear that they're either lying or maybe not even lying just a little uncomfortable.
>> Okay let's real quick because this might help guys and and and Patrick and and Lucio like I'll get to you guys so don't worry that I won't. Um but this I feel like this could be helpful. Yeah. I want you to be a bit more like a person you've spoken to where you you feel like maybe they're not being truthful with you.
I want you to be like that so that I can show you how I would deal with that. Okay. So, start from giving me the money exact same money that you gave me five minutes ago. >> Um yeah, I just just don't have it right now, man. So, >> yeah. Okay. Hey, no, no big deal. Uh I've been in your shoes for sure. Can I can I ask like money aside, uh is this something that you feel would actually work for you? >> Um yeah, I definitely do, but just I mean like I said, it's just a case that I don't have it.
Um >> I mean the support, coaching, all that stuff is great. Um so I feel like that would help me the most. >> Okay. >> What um what is it about the coaching and all that that you feel would be would be great for you specifically? Yeah. I mean I mean again you guys have results. I mean I've used Wix before so I know it works but again I just >> Okay.
>> Just don't have right now on Wednesday. >> Yeah. Okay. Well like I said um like it's no big deal. The money is kind of like the easy part. Like I guess what's most important to me is that this is something that you that you could see actually working for you like it has you know for for our other clients.
And I mean to me just based on what you've said certainly feels like that's the case. And so I guess talk to me like about the money you mentioned like you just you just don't have it. Um like I said no big deal like what's what's kind of going on just to see if I don't know maybe there's something I can do to help.
>> I mean I just have like bills life stuff coming up and all that stuff. So I just like until Wednesday I just won't be able to make an investment like this. >> Um so is it cool if I just give you a call? I don't know. >> I mean we'll see. Is it is this a good number to play back at or >> Yeah. Yeah. And yeah that that is cool.
Um, I suppose like is it a case of the, you know, the $36 like it's it's not there at all, or is it more a case of it is there, but if you were to put it towards this today, it's going to leave you really spread thin. You know, maybe you're not going to be able to keep a roof over your head or put food on the table for two days or like what's what's the story, man? Just like to see if I can help because I might not be able to.
Um, but I mean, just to see if I you know, I can. >> I mean, I'm just a little short right now, so that's >> Oh, sure. No judgment. >> Um I mean I don't know in >> this conversation, right? You know what I mean? If you were flush with cash, you and I probably wouldn't be talking. So um you know, it's it's good that we're having this conversation.
It's perfect that we're having this conversation. So yeah, literally no judgment at all. How how short? >> Um I mean I like at the end of the day I have bills and stuff coming up. So like I don't know what >> it would look like on >> you know like rent, electricity, cars, stuff like that. So >> um >> all within like the next day or so.
When are they now? >> Um I mean I have like those expenses coming up. It's just like I just you know I get paid Wednesday. >> When are they coming up? >> Uh what end of the week? Something like that. So >> Okay. So after you get paid? >> Um yes. I'd rather just feel your wife just feel more comfortable on it like that.
>> But then I guess like just so I'm understanding um if if those bills aren't coming out until after you get paid, what what what's behind maybe the hesitation and and investing like the $36 into yourself now knowing you'll get paid in a couple of days well before those other bills come out so that you can start like going through the resources, learning the skills, and we can start helping you like build a store so you can start making more money.
you know, god forbid you don't have to worry about bills like this like anyone. What's what's kind of behind that hesitation? >> I mean, like you said, I'm not like flushed with cash, right? And you know, >> why is that though? >> I just I don't know like just my current situation. I mean, >> okay.
And why why are we in the current situation then? >> I mean, just the state of the economy right now, you know, it's just just not for everybody >> really. I mean, for me right now, >> the state of Is it the state of the economy or or what else might it be? What might it be about some of the things that we've been doing or not doing, skills we have, don't have that mean that we're maybe in the situation? Because I mean, you tell me, are there people out there in this current economy that are flush with cash, traveling the world, like they they're they're doing
the things and and acquiring the things that that you ultimately want. Like in this current economy, they're getting richer and wealthier. >> Yeah, sure there are, but that's not me right now. >> So then is it so then is it is it the economy or what is it? I mean, yeah. Economy, my situation, job.
I mean, I'm not perspective cuz I'm here to help. >> Yeah. Yeah. True for it. >> Are you sure? Cuz I don't have to. >> Yeah. Go ahead. >> Okay. So, like I want you to imagine uh those two types. Like we've got two types of people essentially. And like this is not your fault by the way. like I used to look at things like very much the same and it wasn't until I had a mentor kind of I guess for lack of a better word call this out with me that I was able to kind of look at it differently but you know there's always kind of two types of people right we've
got we've got some people that are and and again it's pretty like it's natural you know to look at the state of the economy and go oh I'm in the situation I am because of that but then we've got another type of person that looks at it like all right well given the state of the economy it's on me to do everything I can to ensure that I don't let the economy affect me, that I win regardless of what the economy is doing.
And so on one hand, we've got the person where life and the economy is kind of happening to them. And on the other hand, we've got the person that is like, "No, like everything is on me." You know what I mean? Like life is happening for me and and and I'm in control of dictating my results and my outcomes in life.
Do you see the difference? I yeah like I could see that. >> Okay. And so like you tell me that way of looking at it like oh you know the economy and life is happening to me. You know looking at like I'm in maybe I'm in the situation that I'm in a situation I'm not happy with because of that. You tell me is that way of thinking serving you? I don't want I mean >> I'm concerned you have to think about that.
>> I mean probably not. No. >> Probably not. Why not? >> Well, I mean I mean it is hard but I I mean I'm sounding like I'm doing everything I can every single day. Although I'm trying to do this. Um it's just tough at the end of the day, you know. >> Yeah. And and look, I'm not going to take that away from you.
The fact that like it can feel hard. It can feel tough and and it's okay to sort of look at ourselves and go, you know what, like I'm not doing everything I can. Like you're only human, man. You know what I mean? There's more I could be doing in my life. So that's like it's not about that. It's more about just I guess that's the biggest part being able to look at and and that acceptance of you know what, like I could be doing more.
And then at that point, it's a choice. We can continue to choose to do the same things we've been doing that have got us where we are now and will keep us there or we can choose to do the more. But the first step is really that ownership of you know what like it's on me. You know I'm in the situation that I'm in because of me of actions I've taken or not taken decisions I've made not made whatever it is. Yeah.
But ultimately that gives you the power then to go all right well if I'm if I take 100% ownership for the situation that I'm in that I don't like it gives me the power to change it cuz the guy that just looks at life like it's happening to him how much power does he genuinely believe that he has to change it? Not much. Do you see the difference? >> Okay.
And so if we come back to that idea of like um you know you're getting paid in a couple days, got some bills coming up and you're just feeling like hesitant because of the situation that we're in. Like we're in the situation that we're in uh because we've not yet learned what we don't yet know how to what we don't have the skills to be able to kind of create a business that's going to solve that problem for us.
And then how are you going to solve that without learning the skills? And you know, if you don't do something today or tomorrow, like how like when is when is your situation really going to change for you? >> I mean, if I don't do anything about it, I guess I will stay. >> Hey, and if you look into the future when nothing's changed, what would that ultimately mean for you? >> The same life I'm living now, which isn't which isn't too great.
>> Okay. Have you had enough of the life you're living now or I don't know if you got a few more days, a few more weeks, a few more more months or years in you of living like this? >> I mean, yeah. So, that's kind of why I'm here. >> Okay. >> Sweet. So, then I can appreciate though cuz again, dude, like I said, I've been in your shoes.
I can appreciate feeling a little bit hesitant. Like, we kind of got to we feel sometimes like we got to count our pennies and make sure, you know, this is taken care of, this is taken care of. But I guess like really at the end of the day, what I'm here for is to help empower you, to put you in the best position possible to make decisions like that guy that you need to be to get the outcomes and have the life that you actually want.
Now, I don't, you know, I'm not asking for bank statements or anything like that. My only concern is like, cool, you can at least keep a roof over your head, but it seems like you can cuz we've got money coming in. Okay. Um, you know, like talk me through really what's behind maybe that hesitancy of just kind of putting the money in today.
Just that little bit of money knowing I've got more money coming in next week. >> Like is it that you know you'll be screwed or is it more just I'm just hesitant. I'm just unsure. >> Yeah. >> All right. And we'll just pull it up there cuz you know mindful of time where you're going now, right? But you can see >> so where we end up getting here is like you got to recommmit people to their goals and often times with fear and stuff like that like I wouldn't say that I have like a scripted process.
I just kind of have the convers like I just kind of have learned like what does this person need to hear? Do you know what I mean? And that in itself I mean it's probably not a great coaching technique you know just what feels right. But like that's where I've kind of come to with things like fear is like I just put myself in this person's shoes and I go what do I feel this person needs to hear is the way that they're thinking is the language they're using is it serving them and if it's not how can I like coming from a place of I
don't care whether you do this thing or not. I care about helping you. How can I help them to see that and so they can like look at themselves and and look at the the world differently? And and basically I'm thinking about it like how can I empower this human being to go, you know what? Because if this person truly believed that they were capable, they were really confident in themselves.
They truly believed they were capable. Like what would that person do? They would go screw it. Let's do the 36 and I'll figure out what comes next. So the fact that they don't they're not kind of acting in that way, what that tells me is they don't believe that they're capable of like navigating this uncertainty.
And so that's kind of what I want to change is like, dude, you you can figure that out, you know? Like look how long you've been in this situation, which is hard and it is uncomfortable. You're still freaking here. Like nothing that bad has happened. You're still here. So, if you can get through all of that and still be here and and have this conversation with me now, like I don't know about you, but I have zero doubt so you can figure out 36 bucks within the next week like that you'll be okay.
>> Do you know what I mean? Am I way off in that? Like, oh no, I guess I guess that's true. >> Do you know what I mean? So, I'm empowering people at that point. You got to get them. He's that person then looking at it like that is not in a resourceful state. So sometimes we have to kind of pause money and you've got to get this person into a resourceful state, get them committed to the outcome that they want and empower them.
Then once you feel like there's been a shift there, there's been kind of some aha moments for lack of better word. >> It's like, all right, well now we can carry on. Now I can kind of come back and go, all right, cool. So back to the money. Knowing that, knowing everything we said and etc. Cool.
How can we figure out a way to make 36 bucks work given you feel like this will work for you and given you've had enough of being in the situation that you're in now and you know that you have the power to change it like how can we figure that out today >> and they're like and now now it's back into a productive conversation.
So does that make sense? >> Yeah, it does. So you need to ask that after the fear. >> Pardon? Yeah, exactly. So, you got to kind of like think about it like if there's this resistance where you're kind of the way I describe it is it feels like you're really trying to help them and they're kind of really like trying to get out of there.
That's where I kind of pause and go, "Hey man, like what's going on?" >> Yeah. >> What's going on? And then cool, they I I want to get what that concern is. And I really just I just ask questions until I feel like I genuinely understand it. And then I'm like, "All right, sweet. Well, let's talk about that.
" and we figure out that little problem first. And once I feel like that's taken care of and they're back on board, they're resourceful, they're committed, it's like now we can go back to the money because otherwise if you just ignore that, it's just not a productive conversation and you'll just keep getting Yeah, but like like I said, I just need a couple days and it just keeps doing that.
>> Yeah. >> Okay. So that gives you a couple of examples where you've got sweet, easy, pretty genuine like logistical and then we've got like maybe a logistical but there's definitely some fear mixed in with it too. >> Yeah. >> All right. Okay. I hope that helps and I hope I hope that helps people here too. >> Um hey Patrick, >> appreciate your patience. I can help.
>> Yeah, no worries. All right. So we I do the sales for our our company's uh home cleaning services. >> Okay. So >> did you say cleaning services? the cleaning services. >> Yeah. So, >> uh I guess the pretty much the the biggest things that I struggle with I guess is like >> getting the actual why they're looking for cleaning services and then >> just because like most of it like I'll ask him like you know you know do you have a cleaner right now or it seems the first time and then I kind of have >> different branches from there
>> but >> okay is it is it B to C? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Yeah. Cool. Cool. And then a lot of times, you know, like >> I'll get like some very surface level questions. I try to dig a little bit deeper. But >> give me give me give me an example like roll. Um yeah, I don't know. Give me some examples of things they might say where you're you just feel like it's not the answers you're looking for.
>> Yeah. So like I'll ask them like, "Hey, >> uh you know, they say, hey, I don't have a cleaner right now." I'll be like, "Nice." It's like, "What? Why now? What changed?" And then they'll be like like, "Oh, I just need my house clean. It's dirty." You know? I'm like, "Well, okay. Oh, shit." >> Like, uh, >> okay.
Well, let's let's let's roll I'll let's role play this then and I'll be you. Um, now, uh, and and just to clarify, are these like a can I book a one-off cleaning or is it more like something on an ongoing basis? >> Yeah, so, uh, pretty much we do it all. All right. So I asked him that during like the the intro, you know, like are we looking for like a one time move out or going and then Yeah.
So like just likeuring >> Sweet. >> Well, let's just go. I think I've got enough info. So um uh Okay, so and do you I mean I didn't ask like have you got someone cleaning your home at the moment or are you like picking up the dustpan and broom and cleaning the cleaning the house all by yourself? >> Uh just myself. >> Just yourself. Okay.
And so, um, uh, has it always been that way or have you had like maybe had a cleaner in the past and and and >> Yeah, I think I went by like two years ago, but kind of just, >> you know. >> Okay. Well, what what happened a couple years ago where you, you know, where you've ended up kind of cleaning yourself again? >> I just I just didn't like uh I didn't want to spend the money anymore and then I was like figured I take care of myself.
>> Okay. How come? Are they not doing a good job or? >> No, I just didn't want to spend any more money. >> Something that I could do. >> Okay. And so then um uh I mean has something changed where you feel like it's not something you can do anymore and and you'd rather kind of spend the money to have someone do it for you or is something else changed? Like what's got you potentially looking at getting someone cleaning your your house? >> Uh I just don't have time with you working.
>> Okay, why not? >> I just work. >> Okay. How many hours of How many hours a week are you working? >> I mean like 60 hours a week. >> Yeah. Gotcha. Okay. And so then um I mean as I'm sure you know we've all got 24 hours in a day, right? So is there a reason that um you know because I mean there are definitely people out there doing 60 hours a week they're cleaning their own home.
Is there a reason that you would rather have someone kind of take care of that for you then kind of find the time outside of work to do it or what's behind that? just so I can get a better understanding of like what you might be looking for. >> I just don't want to do it myself. >> Yeah, why not? >> Yeah, just too lazy. >> I mean, you're working 60 hours a week, so I wouldn't say you're a lazy guy.
>> Yeah. >> I'd rather be out and about, you know, doing something else. >> Yeah. Okay. What would you rather be doing that you that you you know, and cleaning? >> Going to the beach. Yeah. >> Mhm. Okay. So, actually like, god forbid, living your life rather than Yeah. I don't know, dusting sills and cleaning toilets.
>> Yeah. >> Okay, makes sense to me. Cool. Pause. So, like I wouldn't say that you're a very open, very engaged person, but like notice how if I just keep at you with the why not? Why is that? Like what? >> You will answer me and you will start to open up. And then like I like to just be a bit a little bit fun with it sometimes where I'm like, "No, like uh okay.
I mean, you know, you're telling me you'd rather be down at the beach and cleaning window sills and toilets. Like, is that what you're saying? Like, god, dude. Like, like, yeah. Yeah, I know. Crazy, right? You know, so just just to like lighten them up. Um, you know, at the end of the day, it is like a cleaning like cleaning services.
It's I wouldn't say it's like a an overly emotional >> thing. Um, it's more of a like I would say that is the main reason. like we've got a cleaner for that exact same reason because like I don't want to spend like you know I don't know 4 hours on uh through the week or on the weekend cleaning my home when I can spend that time being outdoors or doing stuff that I actually want to do like my fiance and and and whatever like that's the exact reason for me and like that's enough it would be like and I would tell you that be like because I don't want to do it
myself. Oh why not? because I would rather spend my time doing things that I actually enjoy than cleaning my house, you know? Okay. Well, what? Oh, yeah. Like, like what? Oh, getting out to the beach, in the market, just like that kind of thing. Like, >> okay. >> Is it always worth kind of digging in more? I mean, especially I mean, it's a commodity, right? It's not like >> just a little bit.
I don't have to overcook it. I just want like a like we're still in rapport building stage. should just keep it kind of light and then like later on you can get more once they're a bit more comfortable with you if if like if you want to. >> Yeah. Like you can ask more things around like it can be like um Okay. Well, I mean if you were like I mean you're cleaning your house at the moment on your own like >> just ballpark how long and average or how many hours would you say that it takes you to clean it? Is that like a full top to bottom like the you're
cleaning it to the you know it's getting to the state that you want it or is that more like a just kind of the bare you know the the bare minimum. It's it's like a liveable but you'd rather it be cleaner. Okay. So you're putting four hours a week into cleaning the house and it's still not really we're not still we're really still not getting through everything and it's still not as clean as you'd like it anyway, you know? And like, okay, so 4 hours a week, like I mean, what could you be doing in 4 hours a week,
uh, that I don't know, maybe you're doing less of now because you're putting money in to cleaning your house. Ah, okay. You can even ask about like of all the chores that you have to do, like what are the I mean, I don't know about you, but everyone I speak to has like at least one or two that they just freaking hate. They hate it.
The thought of doing it. Like I don't know about you, but like for me it's I don't know cleaning the toilet. Like I just freaking hate that. It's gross. What about you? Like Okay, cool. You know, and so are you doing it anyway or are you just like I know you can be real with me. I'm going to judge you. Are you just not doing it? >> Okay.
How often does it not get done cuz you just hate doing it? So you've got those kinds of angles as well. You might have the person who's like their biggest driver is it's just my my time is valuable. there's other things that are more of um you know higher values I want to put my time into. You might have some people that um their biggest driver is like I freaking hate it but I value a clean home.
>> Yeah. >> And so then the kind of problem is like >> I've got to do something I don't like. Maybe it's not getting done well enough or as often as it needs to. And now I'm in a home that's not as clean as I would like and and I I don't like that. So, you know, I've proven myself that I'm not going to do it that well.
So now it makes sense that I have I want my clean home. So I want someone to just come and do it. That's worth it to me. So just find out what that kind of main driver is and just get a little bit curious about it. >> Okay. And then I guess the other one is like so when I do like the the the money aside thing.
Uh what's the I guess I can't say like is is this the right or is it will this work for you or is there like a better angle than that? >> Uh yeah, you've got a few. You've got like like for example, you can keep it nice and simple. You can be like, "As long as I've got some buy in, maybe as I'm going over the services and here's how it kind of work, etc.
If I've got some buy in through that, you can even just go for, okay, like look, no, no problem at all. Can I ask like money aside, Patrick, would you would you do it?" >> Okay, just simple as that. >> Yeah. Keep saying, "Would you do it?" Like, would you would you say yes? Would you like would you would you do it? Would you want us to have like a team of cleaners come in once a week week and just kind of take care of the house for you? Well, yeah. Yeah, I would. Oh, okay.
Like why why is that? Okay. And then that's where, like you said, yeah, commodity, but not really. It's like that's where you do need a little bit of that leverage around like a pain point. Maybe it's that they hate doing it or maybe it's that, yeah, they're not happy with the state of the home a lot of the time or uh they want to be able to allocate that time like elsewhere.
They're tired of, you know, time on weekends or evenings being taken up freaking cleaning. They want to there's other things that are more important to them. And then that's where we can kind of now I need to ascertain is it uh like maybe a bit of value like it's more than I was expecting or whatever or is it logistical money or is it you know I think like probably the big one just might be a like do I really want to spend that kind of money like maybe it's more than I spend I really want to spend that money and that's where people
forget why they wanted to do something in the first place. So, I might forget about the time that I'm having to put in on the weekends, the things that I can't do or I'm doing less of because I'm cleaning. And you just got to remind me of that if I get to that point. >> Okay. >> Okay.
Where if it's kind of like, oh, I guess it's just like more than I was expecting. But we confirm that like the money would work. They can afford it. It's like, uh, okay, cool. Well, I mean, I can appreciate that. I suppose like the question really comes down to, and this is a question for you to answer, not for me, is which is like which one is more important to you at this point.
Is it Is it I don't know like saving X dollars per month because you're not having to like pay a a cleaner. Um, or is it I guess is it putting that money into a cleaner so that you can actually wake up Saturday morning and pack a bag and go straight to the beach with your family instead of waking up and going, "Ah, you know, got to get the house clean like first, which is more important to you at this point in your life.
" >> That's that's good. Okay. >> So, it's like that's then where I would go once I tie up value as in they do they would want to move forward. it's really just the money concern and then I tie up that like look we can't afford it. It works within our current budget. like that's sweet, you know, and then I go and then if there's still hesitancy or whatever, it's kind of like just understanding what's behind that, what's holding them back from just going yes, you know, it's also not a mortgage, you know, like if I can just get them to do
if I can get them to have somebody come out and clean the home even just once and then follow up with them, they're far more likely to commit to something like longer term off the back of that where it can be like, "What if we just did one and you just like at this point you don't even know if you're going to like it cuz it's been what years since you've had a cleaner. Maybe you hate it.
Maybe they come in and you go, "You know what? I miss cleaning." Or, "You know what? I feel like I do a better job." Yeah. And we can just high five part ways. Like, like, have you considered that? Cuz I know if I can get them to get one cleaning done and I call them and what was it like waking up on Saturday, don't have to clean, your house is sp and span.
What was like what was that like? You know, how did you feel about what they did? Like, did you did you hate it? Did you feel like they were useless? Oh, absolutely not. Okay, cool. How do you feel about the cleaning that they did? Oh, it was it was phenomenal, actually. Oh, yeah. What was what like what what was phenomenal? Oh, this and that and Okay.
And I know that one of the main reasons that you're looking to maybe get a cleaner is so you you could spend that time doing XYZ instead. What was it like waking up on Saturday morning and just knowing the house is clean? We don't have to do any of that. Yeah. No, I must admit that was pretty good. Was it? How good was it though? Okay.
So, and now I can get them to just commit to longer term from there. >> Okay. >> So, yeah, if you really get stuck, just try to get someone in for one. >> Yeah. >> Cuz you know, it's like trying the watch on. You know, if you've heard people say if you can get someone to try something on, they see it on, they're like, "Ah, damn. Now it's hard to say no to this.
" >> Yeah. >> Okay, that makes sense. >> Cool. I hope that helps. >> Appreciate it. >> All right. Uh Lucio, >> Laura, how you doing? >> Good. >> Good. How are you? Okay. Okay. I appreciate your time by the way. Been taking a couple nuggets from from Patrick and Andrew as well. It's very good. >> Yeah.
So I actually wanted to if you could give me a little bit of help with um logistical for senior citizens then you know it's from community coaches so health and wellness and which a lot of them they're in a tax income or disability and the tricky part for me is helping them find the the the means the actual income to actually do it and maybe even making and see that their priority shouldn't be like the the bill of the car.
Let's not say the mortgage of their house, but you know, paying for their car instead of walking, >> you know. >> So, if we break it down because you can have two types of people, you know, you're going to have that person that's like chomping at the bit to get started. Like, man, I want this. Like, I really do.
And they're really working with you, like, how could we make this work? That one's like kind of the nice easy one. I would say that if you get to that point, it's kind of like you can just have a really frank combo with them where it's like, hey, like to me it feels like this is something that you really want to do and I want to say kudos to you because like you're really looking at like your health, your quality of life, like it's a priority above all else, which is true.
So are you open to like are you cool if we just have a really open honest conversation about finances so that I can understand the full picture and then together maybe we can figure out a way to make this work. I can't promise we can, but at least worst case we can hand on half. Cool. We did everything we could to try and make it happen.
And like like would you >> would you handle those people uh the same way if after you price drop or you let them know that there's a fun like an investment as well that that they need. >> I'm talking about that like value is not an issue. They're like this is definitely the right answer. I've if I had the money there, I would be like, "Dude, like take my money.
" Um, and you know, genuinely doesn't work. And we're just we're just exploring ways that we can make it work. Do you know what I mean? It's like >> then we can just go, "All right, sweet." And so what I used to do, and it's helped me get quite a number of sales. Um, and Stephen, this can be potentially helpful for you as well, right? Is like I would break get like if I get that permission from them, I would break it down. So be like, "All right, cool.
Let's start with income like how much is how much hits your bank account when it hits your bank account?" And then they give me that figure and then I go through their bills. So all right, first roof over your head. How much comes out for that? And how often does that come out? Okay.
Um, what about like any other like kind of loan big loan commitments or anything like what about electricity, you know, utilities, food? And I'm writing this down. I'm doing maths. Okay. What will sometimes happen? And I'm always like, "All right, is there anything else?" And they're like, "No, no, no. Are you sure? Like, is there anything we're forgetting? What about this? What about this? Anything else?" No, no, no. That's all of it.
Okay, cool. So, I mean, just based on my maths, like this minus this minus this, I mean, I'm seeing that there's like 300 bucks a week here spent. Where's that going? And I've had people figure out like, oh, I mean, that's probably going to like this non-important thing, this non-important thing. Like, I'm just spending it on [ __ ] I'm like, "Okay, well, I guess the question is like, do you want to keep spending it on that >> or are you open to maybe we reduce some of that and you can allocate it to this instead?" I've had people go, "Yeah,
[ __ ] I've never actually looked at my money that way. I can afford this. Let's do it." Okay. Or you will sometimes with some people go like, "Ah, okay. I mean, you know, you're right. Based on your mass, like we're we're pretty thin." You know what I mean? And then >> we can look at it like, okay, well, of these things, um, you know, obviously we need to make sure we keep a roof over the head.
Like where are some potential opportunities that we might be able to like reduce some outgoings? Like is there anything that just we could live without, we could go without. That's, you know, to where it's just it's just nowhere near as important to you as getting your health and your quality of life back. Like and then you just got to work with them and you know try to get a bit creative.
Like I had someone on committed coaches where I connected her with an insurance agent who got her a better deal on her insurance and um I like encouraged her to call some debtor she had and just tell them I can't I I need I need a I need a bit of time, you know, I'm not in a good financial spot. Like I need to reduce my payments or like whatever.
And I just helped her out a bit with that. And it meant it took a little bit more time to get that deal done. But like >> I'm sure you've had these conversations too. This this woman was not in a good way healthwise. And I was like, "God damn, this is no way to see out your last like years on earth.
" You know, I was like, >> "Yeah." >> Yeah. And you know, all you can do is like empower them again. You know, you can't you're not here to save them. Um we're just here to to help them get resourceful. And there's some things that you can help maybe help with. like where I connected with an insurance agent. I got permission obviously.
I was like would this help you? Should like oh I'd love that. Cool. So I did that and then there's some things like that they just have to do like I can't call your creditor for you and I'm not going to do that for you. Like you got to do some things yourself and if as long as they're willing to do that great.
If they're not okay cool okay and that's all you can really do if it's genuine. You know dude like guys you just got to remember there are some people money's like the tide. It's in and is out and it's out. There are some like sometimes we're going to interact with people who are just always in a financial state where they've got no money, you know, and either and they're just going to have to figure that out or we can't help them, right? Or some people it's just this point in time in which we're having this interaction, there's no money and
like, you know, it's just a time thing. And if we can keep them committed to doing it, well, there's going to be a time where the tide's in again and cool, we can make it happen, right? >> So that's all you can really do. Okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got you. Would you mind more playing with me? Uh, so you can see where I am and what feedback you could give me.
>> Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As in I'll be the prospect, you be the sales guy. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. >> Yeah. So, just go from like the end where you kind of I don't know. Yeah. For the sale basically and I'll I'll go from there. >> Yeah. Yeah. So Laura, u having in mind your situation and everything we spoke about and I'm going to be helping you out with pricing as well because for this type of clinical history for a problem that has been going on for so many years for your full protocol, what would be like uh all the
supplementation, the daily and weekly accountability, the dietary guidelines, you know, your full protocol basically from start to finish, >> typically it would be around 48 to $4,900. Of course, that's not what you're paying even close because you're a senior citizen under flex, we can actually cut it in half.
And not only that, on top of that, because with what we talked about, you're considered high risk. So, they that will actually allow us to break it down into monthly installments throughout the whole part of the 12 months. So, it's going to come out to the Let me double check it. Yeah. Okay. So, it would be the 247.
So 247 monthly and that will of course give you everything that you need from start to finish. >> Now on top of that we're going to hit the ground running. Okay? Because with what we talked about you're considered high risk. So for a lot of the nasty stuff, heart attacks, diabetes, you know, high blood pressure, all the bad stuff that we don't want to happen.
So we want to make sure that we start right away. So, let me just confirm. Is you're still still your best phone number? Would it be the one ending at 1 2 3 4? Would that be still be the best one? >> Yes. Yeah, that's correct. >> Okay. >> And so, how much did you say per month again? >> It would be 247. Okay. 247.
Is that within your budget? >> I I don't Yeah, I don't think I'm going to be able to afford that. Like, this sounds great. seen and I know that, you know, that this is this is what I need and like >> I'm genuinely committed to I really want to get healthy. I just >> I don't see a way of being able to make that the money work.
>> Yeah, I I it's fun. I I get it. And we definitely we don't want to break the bank here. It's not like we're trying to take the roof over your head. That would just be silly. But just so I have a better idea, a better understanding. Uh the money aside, do you actually think that this could be the the answer for you here, Laura? >> Yeah, definitely.
Like the the support and the guidance. Um >> I just think the support and the guidance would really Yeah, that that would be really helpful. >> Why Why would that be kind of the the key to the castle for you? Well, because I don't have that now and I I know that just on my own, like I haven't been able to do this.
I I give into my my cravings and you know, just it's hard trying to do it by yourself. I just think that if I had some help, it would be a lot easier. >> I got it. I got it. Okay. So, we we know that this would be a big step. I think would be a big improvement to actually getting you to your goal. Uh, is it only about how we make it within your budget? Is that what I'm hearing? >> Yeah.
Yeah. Literally, like if I had if I if I could do that every month, like if I could afford that, I would I I would do this. Yes. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. So, just so tell me a little bit more about your current state of your finances because I I can't say it what I can't see, you know. So, yeah, let's let's problem solve together. Okay. Tell me a little bit more.
Tell me what type of income we're working with and I'll try to make everything so we can fit with them. But okay. >> Yeah. All right. Let's let's pause it there because I'm looking at time. Um, okay. Overall, so like well done in terms of the structure. >> I feel like that was that was pretty good.
Like there's not really too much feedback I would give about the the structure itself. Um, I would be potentially mindful of like the senior citizen label. you know, you might be able to make that a bit um you might be able to come up with like kind of like a funny relaxed sort of term for that or have some way we can position that like uh you know one of the one of the one of the one of the perks uh right of of um uh you know like >> kind of having been on Earth a little longer or I don't know you know just come up with something that seems a bit
more lighter than that. Okay. Cuz like for some people, they're >> not happy with the fact they're getting older, you know what I mean? Or it's scary or whatever. Anyway, >> I actually don't don't know why I mentioned it. I like I never It's not even within my script. Like I was I said like, "Fuck it." You know, like I'm not going to doubt it.
>> Not everyone is like like stoked about being senior and it could be offensive. Do you know what I mean? >> Yeah. Yeah. agree with >> the higher the higher risk component. I think just be mindful of like of that um >> you know and and you can soften it, make it a little bit more neutral and then just a bit of an explainer, you know, like and and and also because um just kind of based on what you you've shared um you know XYZ, we would consider that to be a little bit more uh how how should I put it? I suppose a little bit
more like like higher risk for lack of better words, you know, where our health's in a state where um you know that that there's a a greater chance that that you know we don't want to be the bearer of bad news >> this might happen this might happen right so just like soften that >> I think a little bit >> yeah I agree with you but the thing with that part is that the the new script that they are doing in heavily relies on that part of the BMI, you know, and the bad >> which is fine. Which is which is fine.
I'm I'm I'm saying I'm not saying to take it out or anything like that. I'm suggesting that like cuz some people might the reason I'm giving you this feedback is some people might >> uh reject that if it's too strong. So if I soften it like a little bit and I can even get them involved in it where I'm like and you know with that I mean in your mind what what might happen if we leave that unressed. Yeah. Exactly.
And so because of that it's really like it's something that you know I'm sure you can agree with. It's important to do something sooner rather than later. And and so I mean we want to make that easier for people in in that kind of position which is really common by the way. We want to make it easier for them to be able to do that.
And so because of that, we're able to, you know, adjust the pricing or whatever. >> Um, and then the last part with the current state of finances, just relax a little bit, dude. Your tone again, it's quite a little bit monotone and quite serious. I think especially when we're dealing with concerns, we want people to feel cool, calm, relaxed, like >> just relax a little bit.
And so, as an example, rather than like, let's can we talk about your current state of finances, just be like, okay, well, I mean, if that's the case, are you are you okay if we just have a really frank, you know, an open conversation about like where your finances are at? I don't mean like >> I don't want your bank statements or anything like that.
Just like you and me, we talk through like income, expenses, and we just see if there's a way we can like figure this out. >> Like, are you are you open to that? Do you see how that's a lot more light and casual and relaxed? Because that's how I want you to feel. >> Yeah. >> Rather than current state of finance. You sound like a broker or like a banker.
>> Okay. People don't like those things for the most part. >> For the most part. >> All right. Yeah. I'd say structurally that was pretty fine. Like I wouldn't change too much about that. That was just kind of little things. But your tone is what I would work on cuz remember I kind of I want to be asking myself how do I want this person to feel as a result of my communication.
If I want them to feel cool, calm, relaxed, then I want to talk in a I want to use a t I want want to use tone that makes them feel that way. Nice and easy. >> Okay. I don't want them to feel like this is a really serious conversation and you know current state of finances. So then I want to adjust that >> just switch it up that you want people to be like >> just feel especially older people >> you >> um you want them to feel really safe really safe with you like >> this guy I feel safe talking to this guy I feel like this guy really really just
wants to help me and then they'll tell you whatever you need to know. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Big up. Big up. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. >> Keep me posted. work on that one thing. Um, and yeah, keep me posted. Give me some feedback next week. And, uh, yeah, good job everyone.
Hopefully everyone got something that they can take away from this. And I'll see you all next week. >> Have a nice evening. Byebye. >> Bye.
