In this video, I'm going to give you the
exact framework and playbook that I've
used over 50,000 sales calls to handle
objections like time, money, think about
it, partner, and even fear-based
objections. I'm going to teach you how
to understand the concerns versus the
objections. How to pre-handle, how to
see these things coming before they
happen. How to actually pre-handle these
in your pitch as well, so that you
reduce, not induce objections. Okay? And
then I'm going to show you exactly what
to say, how to say it, when to say it in
what I consider to be the most
comprehensive objection handling guide
that I've ever seen on the interwebs.
Okay, this is the framework that I've
used and developed over like 15 years
and 50,000 sales calls as a full-time
sales rep. So stay all the way through
to the end and if you want this
document, it will be in the Discord down
below. So most reps treat objections
like a brick wall, right? you know, they
kind of go up to it and then they go
like, "Ah, well," or they give a really
really basic and and not very, I guess,
uh, commanding
way through handling it. And what this I
find causes is like people not being
able to actually address and find out
what the real concern is. In part one,
what we have to do is we have to define
what an objection is. Okay? Is an
objection a like what really is it? And
what I consider an objection to be is a
logistical barrier, whether real or
perceived, that stops a prospect from
moving forward. Okay, that's an
objection. A concern is a simple
question that just needs to be answered.
Um, and and and this is usually about
proof or trust or that there's just not
a big enough gap that's been built. And
like most people [ __ ] these up because
they go into like full-blown sales guy
mode and what they don't do is like
actually answer the question. Well, that
can mean a lot of things to a lot of
people when you say this like you know
it's kind of silly. Okay. Um and then
you need to also say whether there's no
need. So objection, concern, or no need.
So it's like if there's no need too bad,
so sad, try again later. Um if they
don't actually want it, they don't see
the gap. That's not an objection. It's
just a bad fit. Like you're a triangle
trying to get through a round hole. Like
you [ __ ] something up and they don't
really want it. Okay? And one of the big
ones is that you cannot handle the
objection that you don't get. Those are
the hardest ones. And I find through
training thousands and thousands of
people over the years, what I see is
that most people are bad at, I think,
setting up the sales call to be able to
get what they need. But also then
actually getting to the underlying
concern and answering that effectively.
Okay? We don't turn nos into yeses. Like
a no is a no. Like we're not, you know,
there's no witchcraft here, right? And
so what we want to do is we want to turn
the may into yeses. And we want to find
the people whose whose problems align
with the solutions that our product or
service actually addresses. Okay? Um and
if you get a no after the pit, then
you've done something wrong. Now that we
know what an objection actually is and
the difference between a concern and
objection to someone who's just not a
good fit, what we need to do is we need
to work on like how do we pre-handle an
objection. I think everyone talks about
pre-handling objections, but nobody
really sort of defines what it is, when
to do it. So, this is diffusing
something before it happens. Okay? So,
most reps will wait until the objection
comes up before they deal with it,
right? I think that this is a mistake.
If you hear something that you think is
going to be problematic or counter to
what your pitch is going to be, I think
that you should address it there and
then, right? So, pre-handling is going
to equal is going to handle the surface
level concerns because it's not
pre-handling objections. It's it's
pre-handling concerns. And so like
before we get into the details, can I
ask is there anyone else that needs to
be involved in this decision or like you
know that's if you want to pre-handle
your partner or bring them up
beforehand, right? If you're in a B2B
environment discussing budget,
discussing decision makers and if you're
in a BTOC environment, hey does your
partner know they're on this call or are
we on a bit of a secret mission? Okay,
if you hear people using constant future
tense, okay, I will, I want to, I could.
Um, you know what I mean? We will. Oh,
next year is going to be huge. Then that
should be a light bulb to you that
they're not thinking in the now. And so
that's going to be difficult for you to
drive urgency because if you're going to
do something no matter what, then why do
it now? And so these are things that we
need to uh listen for so that we can
pre-handle them so that we reduce the
surprises and they don't compound. Okay,
this also has to do with things like uh
like if there are things that are coming
up in the world like an election or
Christmas or you know Fourth of July, we
need to have things in our script in
order to pre-handle those because one of
the great things about holiday or
timebased or like situational objections
is that chances are you know that
they're coming. And what that means is
that you can counteract it. Like if if
you if if it's no if it's December 15th
and you never bring up Christmas or the
holiday break once and then they give
you a Christmas objection like that's a
you thing dude you just screwed up. You
didn't mention like the biggest elephant
in the room which is like Christmas. So
you would put in a hook or something at
the beginning okay in order to help
yourself pre-handle that like hey I just
want to say that you know like well done
for being someone who over this busy
period is actually doing something about
this. I speak to a lot of people at the
moment who are like going to put this
off till next year but you know
something worth doing it's worth doing
it now right yeah sweet so now that is a
super basic and transparent one but it's
a good sort of framework for you to use
because you can edify and codify that
person as someone who doesn't let that
barrier become a thing you can anchor
that throughout the process and then
it's very difficult for that person to
use that as the main excuse moving
forward okay part three okay which is
this is what you need to have in order
to actually be able to handle an
objection I see a lot of objection
handling content online. But what I
never see is there's no point handling
objections unless you have these key
things there because you cannot handle
an objection if one you do not know what
they want. Two, you do not know what
they are doing to get what they want.
Three, what are the problems associated
with the current way of doing things
that they are using to get the outcome?
Four, what are tangible goals and
emotional drivers to drive the urgency
to change? Five, okay, and stick with
me, okay? Because there's like 11 of
these things. What uh they need some
sense of urgency to change their
situation. Then they need what they want
from a solution that solves the problem.
So like if if if they want something
that's totally out of the realms of what
you can provide, you you need to know
that because that's going to be a huge
obstacle. Okay? They need to have a
clear vision on the solution and the
outcome of not changing. Okay, so a
consequence. You need to have a clear
presentation that outlines the value
proposition of your product and service.
You need to have an agreement that the
thing you're selling would actually help
to achieve the outcome. And they need to
have the budget or resources to be able
to afford said thing. Okay? Without
that, you're trying to wizard people
into doing things that they shouldn't or
can't do. And listen, I love handling
objections. I've built a career of
handling objections. But you have to
have these things in place, right? If
you don't have these things, like if you
don't know what they want, then you're
not really going to be able to
extrapolate out the problems associated
with how they're currently doing things.
If you don't know what they're doing to
get what they want, you can't get all
the problems associated with it. Then
from there, you can't get the real
solution and the real tangible and
emotional drivers, okay? That's going to
build the urgency in order to change, in
order to want to change, to get the
thing. um if they don't have the budget
and that they can't do it no matter
what. People can't just miracle money.
And I'm not a huge believer in
financing. Um say that what you will,
but I've never sold a deal on finance
once in my entire career and I plan to
never because I just feel like if like
if you can't afford something, you can't
afford something, right? Um not to say
that you you can't sell it like that. I
I just haven't, right? I've done all my
sales without using people borrowing
money at 35% interest. Okay? You need to
have a really clear presentation that
outlines the values of the products and
service and also helps to push the sale
forward, which I'm going to be going on
later on in the video. Okay? And if you
guys are here this far, hit the go down
to the Discord, okay? Join the Discord
and you can get this all kind of laid
out for you. And while you're there, if
you're not subscribed, do your boy a
favor, subscribe, okay? Then from there,
you need to have an agreement that what
you sell fixes the problem. Hey, do you
feel like this could be the answer for
you? Right? Yes. All right, cool. If
they say no, you're like, "Okay, that
could be trouble, right?" And they had
to have the budget to do it. All these
things, okay? Without these things,
you're not going to be able to handle
objections. And what you're trying to do
is like Jedi mind trick people, right?
This is the product you're looking for.
Hey guys, what's up? Matt here. And I've
noticed that a lot of you are not
subscribed. So, what I want you to do is
like go over and hit the little
subscription. Uh, it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do and you're like, "Hey,
how can I get similar content but pay
for it?" Then I have a membership. You
can go over and join that at any stage
that you want. It's like $49 a month up
to about $200 a month. And we do like
live Q&As's. We have a coaching call
nearly every single day. And there's
like well over 100 videos and I upload
like sort of private trainings and stuff
that I do all the time. So if you want
to check that out, go for it. Uh you
know, sign up through YouTube, cancel
anytime, all that kind of good stuff.
And anyway, back to the video. Part
four. So pitching to reduce not induce
objections. A lot of people are pitching
and inducing objections because they are
going very much into logistical and very
nitty-gritty. You should have that
information at hand. But I want you to
remember this, okay? You are a sales rep
who talks to people for a living. And so
your conversational stamina is quite
high. The army, cuz I used to be in the
army, the army doesn't allow any lesson
to go for more than 40 minutes because
people just kind of tune out. And so
what we want to do is we want to we need
to be aware that at like the 40-minute
mark, they're starting to data dump
everything before that. So if you like
have this super long sales call, right,
and then you go into a really complex 20
25 minute pitch with like a
presentation, all these numbers and
stuff like that, you are pulling them
out of that emotional state and putting
into um into a very logical and like
logistical state, which is not going to
help you make that sale. Now, there are
environments where that kind of sale is
necessary, which is more of a B2B
environment, but they're far less
emotional and they're far more like
pragmatism involved. Okay? Um, and so
you want to have a specific presentation
call for something like that. Okay? Um,
and you're going to have to go through
numbers, etc. But for a vast majority of
people, and even in B2B people, they're
too complex and complicated. And what
they do is they induce objections. uh in
the same way where like uh if I'm
sending out a B2B proposal, I don't send
them a proposal. I I present the
proposal to them on a call. That is best
practice. Okay. Here's what I like to do
when I'm like putting together like a
more BTOC style pitch. Okay. One, I want
to have like pillars, okay, that uh fix
some of the goal. I'll link a scripting
video down below where I go through that
in detail, but this is more about
objections. And so one of the things
that I see a lot of the time is that
people will have like I'm just going to
use a $5,000 offer and it's like $5,000
on a one pay two pay of three and three
pay that equals 7,000 or whatever 7,500.
So it's $2,500 more for the three pay
than what it is for the paid in full.
And they're pitching it at 5K. And then
from there they end up going like, "Hey,
uh if you if you want to break it up, we
can do that. It'll just be three
payments of this." And they go, "Oh,
well I'll just wait until I can pay in
full." Okay. So what you're doing is
you're going like, "Hey, you, the guy
that doesn't have much money, I'm going
to charge you more, which is kind of
moronic when you look at it that way. So
what I do is I would always pitch the
highest price point first. So if it's
three payments that totals $7.5, let's
just say for this example, then I'm
going to go, hey, it's $7,500.
How do you want to proceed?" Right?
After I do my pitch, I don't say on
three pay, but that is the most
expensive version. Which means that when
I go into my objection handling and I
like go through the money and I get buy
in, I go, "Okay, yeah, we can do that
over three payments. How do you want to
proceed?" They go, "Yep, sweet." Right.
Perfect. Right now, if they go, I can,
"Yep, that sounds good. I'll do it in
one." Be like, "Oh, hey, hey, awesome.
You qualify for like a one pay discount.
We'll give it to you for 5 grand. Happy
days." Now, those people are ecstatic.
They're h they're cheering. Yay. You're
the best. Okay. So, it's like I want to
have a PIFF incentive. I don't want to
have a payment plan disincentive because
that's just it's a lot harder to push a
rock up a hill than it is to roll a ball
down a hill. If you do have like
financing and payment plans as well, do
not mention or say financing and payment
plans in your pitch. Okay? So, in that
example I just I've just did, it's like,
okay, it's, you know, it's $7,500. How
do you want to proceed? I'm not saying
and we have some financing available.
Okay? I'm not going to say that because
what they're going to say every time is
what are the financing options or what
are the payment plan options. Okay, this
is a nonsensical uh argument. This is
just ridiculousness and it's a useless
part of the conversation because like
you have induced that as a concern or as
a want, but then it's not going to go
anywhere. So now then you have to go
back and be like money aside, right? So
the funding required for XYZ so you can
XYZ is $5,000. We have some financing
and payment plans available. How do you
want to proceed? They're always just
going to say, "What are the payment
plans?" or "What are the financing?"
Just say, "The funding required is
$5,000. How do you want to proceed?"
Right? There's no need for that because
you can go into the payment plans and
you can go into the financing later on.
But do not do it in your pitch. You're
just going to adjuce that same [ __ ]
useless line of conversation every
single time. Okay? It's not beneficial.
It's hard to turn around and it's just a
name chitchat. Okay? So, now that we
know how to look at these things and how
not to induce these stupid objections
when we're pitching, okay? Um, then what
we're going to do is we're going to go
through the hierarchy. And I'm going to
give you examples of all these things,
okay, throughout this video. All right?
So, but we need to establish a hierarchy
because what you get a lot of the time
is not just a single objection. You
either get like very vague or like this
whole like, hey, that sounds really
good. What I want to do from here is go
away and check with the this and the
this and make sure this lines up. speak
to my partner, make sure the finances
all work out, and then what do we do?
Like, kind of just get back together in
two weeks. Does that sound good? Right?
And then they're kind of like selling
you on this thing, right? And then all
of a sudden, you're trying to pull out
every single objection. You're trying to
handle everything that they say. And
that's really, really difficult. We
don't want to do that. What we want to
do is we want to break it down into
buckets and then give yourself a mental
hierarchy so that you can be in control
of the process and not have the process
done to you. Most reps are objections
are being done to them. They are not in
control. Okay, so you've got logistical
and fear and then you've got smokeokesc
screen, but I'll talk about smokeokesc
screen because a lot of times smokesc
screen is just a really nice way of
saying no. Okay, and then you've got
partner, think about it, and money. Now,
what I would do want to say is like
money logistical is always the most
important. That's why it's at the top
left and then you've got fear partner
down towards the bottom. Okay? But
logistical is always first. So if
they're saying, "I need to go check out
my partner," then you're going to go
logistical partner first. You're not
going to go into any fear-based stuff.
The reason being is because you have to
assume that all things are genuine and
it doesn't mean that it's a lie. It just
means that like it might not be a real
objection but they think it is in that
moment. Okay. So logistical money if
it's if if it's if the logistical isn't
sorted then the anything else after that
is sort of irrelevant. Also if they want
to go and uh think about it they're
going to want to think about spending
the money. If they're going to go and
speak to their partner they're probably
going to speak to their money about
spending the money. So it always
defaults back to money regardless. So,
when you get a large blast objection,
uh, then you're better off just going to
money anyway, right? So, just default
straight and then my line is, well,
money aside, you've got this could be
the answer for you. Okay? Now, that's
very specific wording, but assume
logistical first because if you start
beating people over the head with a
mindset bat, and they're just like have
a logistical concern, you're going to
end up looking like an [ __ ] and
you're not going to make that sale. Now
that we understand all the things that
go into handling objections, what you
need to have and how you need to think
about it and how to not induce them.
This is like the stepbystep process of
how you actually handle objections.
First of all, stay calm. Do not get
frustrated. It is totally normal to get
a concern. If you get frustrated or
angry or upset when someone gives you an
objection, I don't know what to tell
you. You're making your life way more
difficult than it has to be. It's like
going in the water and being upset that
you're wet. Okay? So, it's it's a normal
thing. And the frustration comes from
the fact that you think that you know
better and you for sure don't cuz you're
probably [ __ ] Okay? You've known
this person for 45 minutes and you're
making a value judgment that says, "I
know about this what's better for you
than what you do, thinking that you have
all the information." When in reality,
you're probably not good enough at sales
to have all the information. They
probably haven't given you all the
information, nor could you get all the
information. in such a short period of
time. So to get frustrated is an ego
thing that you need to sort out. Okay,
it's it's a stupid thing to be. Don't
worry about it. Step one, identify and
isolate. Okay, money. Money aside, do
you feel like this could be the answer
for you? Okay, they say yes. You see,
why is that? Whenever you get something
that benefits the pushing forward of the
sale, you get clarification. It
entrenches them deeper into it. What is
it specific that you feel like could be
the key to the castle for you or some
variant that the key for you to getting?
Right? That what that's doing is it's
forcing them to look back into the pitch
and presentation that you've given,
extract something that they feel is of
most benefit. Okay? Then it's like,
well, that makes sense. What are some
ways that you can come up with the
budget or the funds to get and then
insert thing they said was the key for
them. Okay. Is it the upfront amount or
if we broke it up, would that help you?
Yes. Do you want to have that chat? Yes.
We could do three payments of X overX.
Does that work within your current
budget? Yes. Sweet. You'd be surprised
how simple and easy that is and how many
sales you're constantly [ __ ] up
because you can't do that. It's identify
and isolate. Reaffirm the desire, solve
the logistics and then it's like okay if
everything and then and then if they
don't then say yes and you've handled
all the logistical then we can uh
transition into fear and cycle through
that and we'll go through that. Okay,
but it's really really simple and here's
an example of it happening. Okay, so
part seven is all about u objection
cycling. So I'll link a video here uh
where you can see that. Um but what it
is is it's a way in which you can
naturally and uh with an intentional
escalation uh keep objection handling
going right but without it getting
combative. And so it all comes back to a
variation of the question what do you
need to do to put yourself in the best
position to be able to achieve your
goal? And then what you do is you like
escalate in specificity, tonality, and
time frame. So it's like it goes from
that to what do you need to do to make
sure that when you go to bed tonight,
you're in the best possible position and
doing everything you can as the leader
of your business to be able to get to X,
right? So it escalates to that and it
comes down to the answer being like,
well, I need to X. And so let's just say
you sell digital marketing services or
whatever and it's like, I need more
leads. Well, I need more leads. Okay.
Well, do you think that what we do would
help you get more leads? Yes. Why? Okay,
cool. So, how much longer do you want to
put off actually making the decision to
start to get more leads? Okay, so again,
it's like I need to I need to think so I
can act so I can do um and and it's a
really really good escalation tactic
where you can keep someone rolling
around for like a long time. I'll put in
a clip here of me teaching it. Okay, so
it usually happens when you're into the
fear because it just kind of handles
itself when it comes to doing some of
the stuff that we said before. the
bridging question that makes it easy to
transition from logistical to fear is a
question similar to um well that makes
sense because we all make decisions
based off our perspective and they go
yeah and they go well the problem is the
only if you're always making decisions
based off where you are it's the only
place that you can ever be so what do
you feel like you need to do to put
yourself in the best position okay the
reason why what do you feel like you
need to do to put yourself in the best
position possible is because like we
can't guarantee a goal okay like I can't
say to you that like you do my course
and you will get X outcome or all you
can really decide is that doing the
course puts you in the best position to
be able to achieve set outcome. Um, and
that's not only from like compliance
standards, but that's from like a
reality standard. There's like you can't
guarantee anything like you just don't
know and you know they could buy the
course and be hit by a bus the next day
so that they're not going to achieve the
goal. So, but all you can do is if you
put yourself in the best position to be
able to achieve the goal and you're
doing those actions, then you have a
much higher likelihood or at least you
have an opportunity to achieve said
goal. If you don't do anything, the only
thing that you can guarantee is that
nothing will happen and nothing will
change. You can't just like you have to
do stuff, right? And that's the same
with anything. So, if I was to take a
person 600 lb, massively overweight, and
I was take a triathlete and I was to
swap their brains, that 600 lb body
would start being a triathlete
immediately because they would start
doing the things that triathletes do.
So, although you're not a triathlete
until you compete in a triathlon,
you have to be and act as a triathlete
in order to be able to compete in a
triathlon. It just makes sense. And in
the same way where that triathlete body
would start being an enormous fat [ __ ]
The reason being is because they would
do the things to become an enormous fat
[ __ ] Okay? So like that's what that is.
It's a series of decisions. All right?
And so in order to get the thing or be
the thing, you have to act like it,
which means you have to think like it,
which you know you have to think and
then and then you have to do right. So
that perspective frame is a way to be
like okay the first thing we have to do
is just shift your perspective slightly
because if you shift how you think then
you can shift what you're doing but we
don't want to we have a transaction at
the end we don't want to make the
decision about the transaction or even
about the doing we want to make that
initial shift about the thinking. So if
you agree that because we make decisions
based on our perspective and that's the
only thing that you'll ever be, if
that's the only thing you ever think of,
then all we have to do is step one get
them to shift their perspective of
thinking. So then what they can do is
different and then they can eventually
transact with us. All right? So that's
how that works. Okay? And then we're
going to use that reset question of what
do you need to do to put yourself in the
best position to be able to. Okay? And
then we just escalate that thereof. And
that's how we keep someone in objection
handling mode without it getting
combative or weird. Okay, so to close
off the loop, okay, the objection
handling is not about clever lines and
it it's not about it's not about word
tracks. It's about having a repeatable
and replicatable system that you can
fall back on and never run out of things
to say. Okay, you need to collect the
right information. You need to
pre-handle early. You need to understand
the hierarchy of objections. You need to
be able to cycle through different
objections and concerns without getting
frustrated or weird. And then you can
win the sale. And until you can do that,
it's just not going to happen for you.
So, you can do all the courses in the
world, but if everything doesn't kind of
stack up and line up and the sales
doesn't do what it's supposed to do,
objection handling is a waste of time.
If you guys want the objection handing
matrix that I've used and and made and
and used on tens and tens of thousands
of sales calls um over the course of 15
years sales career, then it'll be in the
Discord, which is in the link down
below. All right, guys. I hope that was
helpful. I'll see you in the next
