45 minutes? I can't go longer. Last ones were like an hour and something. I'm not having it. Can't happen today. But, okay. Uh let me Yeah. Let me pin myself and I'll get into it. All right, who's Alex? Happy New Year, Matt. I was uh Hold on. I just started a new offer. So, I was hoping to get your feedback on uh the script that I've created specifically for just the beginning, being able to uncover a tangible and just the wording and whatnot.
You said it again, mate? Yeah, can you hear me? Yeah, yeah. Sorry, what was that? Yeah, I uh started a new offer. So, I >> Okay. pretty much created a new script. Just want to get your feedback on intent and pretty much figuring out why they're there cuz I was having some trouble today just uncovering a real tangible that I can build the rest of the call off of.
Okay. All right, cool. So, you want to share the script or you want to do a role play? Uh share the script. Okay, go for it. So, here. You still there? I do, sir. He is. Okay, let's do this in a role play format. All right, who wants to be the role play partner? Marco, you want to do that? >> I can do that. All right, cool.
So, it's a What's the offer? It's stock trading offer? It's pretty much investment investment coaching, stock trading. Yeah. Okay. All right, perfect. What's the context of how they come in? Context, multiple ways, webinars, and then they're also seeing YouTube ads. Okay, perfect. All right, let's go. Is this a set call, closing call, outbound? Set call.
Okay, cool. And specifically my Outbound, isn't it? Outbound. Okay, cool. Let's go. Done. Who am I role playing with? Me. You. All right, cool. Hey, Matt. It's Alex with Felix and Friends. How you doing? Yeah, I'm doing good, thanks. And you? Good, man. I Yeah, I'm doing pretty good.
I just saw you had reached out to us about 2 days ago about some uh getting some possible help with investing, you know, maybe trying to get better returns or more consistency. Is that right? Yeah, something like that. All right, and what what what did you see from Felix that made you want to reach out and get some info? Yeah, I checked out one of the webinars.
Uh I didn't get through the whole thing, but I saw about the first 15, 20 minutes and Okay, right on. And then just cuz you know, we do speak to uh a ton of people with a lot of different levels of experience. Would you say you're still fairly early on in trading and maybe you're just trying to build it up the right way or you already have experience and you're looking for more of like a refined strategy to improve your results.
What what are you actually looking for here? I mean, I haven't really done any active trading. Like I've got some bags that I've built up over the years. So, it's more like long-term stuff, but I'm curious to kind of look at more active ways that I can get into. Okay, so what's going to be the intent then behind you know, wanting to actively get into it more? What what are you looking to get out of that? Yeah, just to be trading more regularly and you know, making some more regular profits.
Uh more regular profits, okay. And what what have you seen so far that makes you feel like maybe the profits aren't as you know, regular as you'd like them to be? He's not He's not trading. Oh, he's not? Yeah, he said that he hasn't done hasn't traded, right? So, I I think I think um you know, I I think I I would I would go for like what's I I really like like what's changed recently.
You know, um to where you want to start getting into that. I think it's just an easier question. Um I think that your bucketing question was really good. I think the whole script is actually quite good. I I just think that um maybe like those two intent questions are fine, but I think if if you're if you're getting kind of non-specific answered, have a have like a an emergency question where it's like, well, what's changed recently to where you really want to start because like he isn't trading at the moment. That was the role
play. Yeah. Right? And so, you're going to go, oh, like what's shifted recently to where you actually want to start kind of getting into trading then? Right? So, like you need somewhere to go with it. So, I think all of this seems fine, right? It's a it's a new offer. Um so, I think all of that was fine.
The role play was fine. Um I just think that don't be so militantly stuck to the script, right? And then maybe add in that question where if somebody isn't doing a lot at the moment, then you add that. Or if you're getting super vague answers, ask that to kind of start pushing them down. What do you mean? Like ask the what's shifted question? Yeah.
So, like if you're not getting good answers, then ask the what's shifted question. All right, or if they're not or if they're not doing anything. Okay, because and so what would I do for situation then? Would I go like down the biz off route or would I just skip that all and go down the what's shifted without even really worrying about that? Yeah, I would do that.
Okay. And last thing, too, cuz what I noticed [clears throat] today through all the calls, especially in the beginning with my intro, I was getting so much vagueness to the point where it felt like it didn't even make sense to use the bucket question or the intent question. So, what what what what what would you say I should do in the beginning so I can improve >> question should always should always make sense.
I mean, it's hard to say without listening to the the things, but um I mean, you're giving them a lot of options. Seems like you reached out about possibly getting some help with investment or maybe getting better returns and more consistency. Is that right? Like there's a lot of things there. So, I would I would just say some help with investing.
Some help. Yeah, okay. All right? And I would ditch the possible. Right? I would just ditch it. I don't think you need it. All right? And then you just go like, is that right? Yeah, sweet. So, like what are you looking for? Then, if they're like, oh, you know, then you can bucket question. Right? The bucket question is designed to put people into a bucket, so it has to be clear.
>> [clears throat] >> It'll be easy to come up with one of these reasons they're looking for more profit, uh that they're currently trading looking for more profit, or they're looking to yada yada yada or yada yada, right? Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Sweet. Well, so what's what's your intent? So, that that that will flow well.
So, make that initial question simpler, like reduce so many variables out of it. Okay. And then from there, like have your bucket question be more of a bucket question. Because you've already put them into a bucket. Would you say you're fairly early on in trading and trying to build like people usually come to us for one of these reasons, bang bang bang.
Right? So, then it's cool, you're actually bucketing. Okay? Um And one more thing for my webinar. And is is this a good good opener for you know, for leaders opted into a webinar? It's fine. You're a fast reader. Okay. Cool. Thank you. >> That's fine. Yeah. See you. All right. Let's go. Uh Peyton. What's going on, Matt? Can you hear me? Yeah.
Sweet, sweet. So, I had this um call today. He was the most A-type prospect I've ever been on a call with. Um it's kind of crazy and I'm I'd love to get your idea of call review and kind of let me know what your thoughts are on my like tonality and then also trying to break the preoccupation setting the tone to like the rest of the call cuz he was just straight like want to get to the point, like what do you guys do? What do you guys do? I was trying to shift the the focus back on him, but um Okay, what do you mean by break the preoccupation?
Sorry, I don't understand what that means. When they're kind of in their drone state of just like, what do you guys do? What do you guys do? Do shifting it like breaking their pattern. Yeah, like I'm from door-to-door, so like I say break the occupation like um and uh yeah, I just love your It was the most A-type I've ever had.
Funny enough, actually, I'm kind of glad I'm on the call with uh you specifically cuz it kind of reminded me of you. A little bit. Yeah. Um Yeah, Marco, you can go next, buddy. You can go next. Sweet. I don't know why it's keep coming up. Um You're cute. You stop right here. I don't understand. Zoom giving me a lot of that. Okay, there we go.
Okay. Uh if I sent you the recording, I just can't share share my screen, Matt. If I shouldn't send it to you, uh and then would you really share share your screen? Sure. Okay. Easy. Um Um share that. 20 seconds. Just logging in. Yes. Yes. Bro, I can't open it. Oh, you can't open it? You haven't got it set to public.
Sort that out, we'll go to Marco, and then we'll come back. Okay. Okay, Marco. Cool man. I'm curious to check out tonality and just the opening of that script you helped me adjust from last week. Okay, cool. Make sure you share the tab otherwise you won't be able to share the audio. I'll go back to that. So it's when you do sharing settings you just you go to instead of sharing this screen share the tab.
I think I fixed them. Hello. Yeah, that's better. No. You can't hear me. Can you hear me? No, you got to share the tab or make sure that you're sharing the audio from that tab. All right, while you figure that out I'm going to go to this one. Is it working this one? Boom, boom. Hello. I bet. Good, yeah.
How's your bad? All's good. Awesome. Can you hear me saying? >> just FaceTime me just now? Yeah, that might have been me or it might have been that. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. Cool man. Well, how was your New Year's by the way? Okay, New Year's was good. Busy but good. It was snowboarding and Nice, nice. Back down in Miami now and yeah, can't complain.
How about yourself? Cool man. Oh, just working. A little different. Yeah, just working every day. Yeah, diving into your your application. So I guess I can give you a little bit of context of where you're at. I know you want to recruit. You mentioned five more canvassing reps and then one to two normal reps and then an assistant.
Is that sort of where you're at right now? Just like that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, cool man. How can I help? Yeah, I mean again looking to bring on five or six and you know, those kind of churn out a little bit more so probably trying to hire a little bit more than that and then yeah, one and two you know, A+ sales reps and kind of looking to kind of build and grow and and hire and find good talent and curious kind of a little bit more.
So straight away if if you recap exactly what I want and then say how can I help it's it's a difficult position for them to be in. Like they can only really say what you just said. If you keep it more broad, you guys hear me all right? Yep. Yep. Yeah, if you keep it broad you're like, "Hey, it looks like you're looking for some help recruiting.
" Is that right? Sweet. How can I help? >> Okay. Right? Like otherwise like it's it's What what am I What the [ __ ] am I supposed to do with that? Fair enough. Yep. You know? You want A B C D E F G? Yeah. Well, how can I help? I want A B C D E F G. So now it's kind of weird. So then what you do is you probe on the things that they've said and that's how you you start the process.
You know what I mean? So it's like, "Hey, it looks like you need help recruiting. Is that right?" Yeah. "Okay, cool man. How can I help?" "Well, we need some this and this and this and this." "All right, cool. What have you seen that makes you think that we can help with that?" So now it seems like a more natural conversation.
Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. on your background and what you guys do and what kind of your expertise is and you know, where where we can work. Yeah, cool man. Just so I can help you get the most out of it. What what do you feel like you need I guess more help with specifically? Like from someone like Bryson to like get those reps that you want.
I mean hiring and finding good talent and bringing on good people. More of quality I guess. Yeah. Okay. What have you seen previously that makes you feel like you don't have the I guess quality of reps that you want like right now? We're small so we're looking to grow. So we're trying to bring on more people.
I don't think that there's an issue I we haven't done out and pushed for it hard ourselves. I can start messaging on LinkedIn and going at it which I will soon. That's just something I haven't tackled yet. And came across your guys' ad so I was like, "All right, well let's you know, fill it out and see what they say and see what you guys are able to do and if it makes sense or if it's better and more efficient for me to do it myself.
So you know, those are the two things I'm comparing between and Cool. Cool. Yeah, that sounds good man. What are you doing right now by like guiding me through your your your your process? What I'm going to do man is I know you're you want to get down to the point of everything and see if it does work. I want to see if Bryson could help you out and if he can we'll make a game plan.
If not then I'll just kind of point you in the right direction. So I think I think from there you should have just said like What what's changed to where you want to Like you haven't done anything you said that like you're small, they haven't been doing much. Right? Like I would just do the what shifted question there. Okay, what's changed now to where you want to start kind of like putting a more I guess more formalized process into place to ensure you actually get the quality.
>> Right. Right? And then they're like, "Yeah, well this, you know." The problem is like that that intent question like a lot of the time the way that people are wording it like it's it's an odd question. What make like what has you feeling like you're not getting the You know what I mean? Like it's an it's an odd question.
>> Like the experience question, yeah. It's just odd, you know? So you sort of got to word that a little bit differently depending on how they're coming in and what they're saying. You know? So like I don't know how to answer that question. Like if we if we kind of go back and I want everyone to think about like what what their question is.
You know? It's like >> There's an issue I we haven't done I mean hiring and finding good talent and bringing on good people. More of quality I guess. Yeah. Okay. What have you seen previously that makes you feel I guess quality of reps that you want like right now? Like what are the answers to that? The answers are we've had [ __ ] reps.
Or like I don't know I I don't like We've had trouble getting X Y Z reps or like this many reps they came on they left or But that's an odd but the way that it's worded. So you wouldn't even ask it at all for this guy? You you could say it and be like, "Okay, so what have you seen specifically to where like Like or like is there a particular area where you're not getting good quality? Is it more quality or quantity? Are you not getting You know what I mean? Like the the question is sort of difficult.
You you know what you want so you know how you want to answer it. I don't know how to answer that question. So like then I kind of have to start it's vague so I have to kind of grasp at what I think you mean which immediately kind of like if it's me it puts me off a little. Cuz I'm like, "How the [ __ ] I don't [ __ ] know man.
" It's like when people go like you know, "Okay, like well what like if you go to a trainer, why haven't you lost weight?" I don't [ __ ] know man, that's why I'm here. Like you're the expert. [ __ ] you. You know what I mean? Like that's that's where my brain goes immediately. Like I Like I don't like that, you know? So All these general answers he's giving me.
Like he just said I want all of them. I want to get more. You're giving you're giving you're asking vague questions. You know, like they're not bad they're just a bit vague. They just need to be wordsmithed a little bit. And if you want someone to really clearly go into a particular funnel you need to make it easy to answer.
You know? So or you make it vague and then you probe them down. Right? So but if you sort of ask a semi-vague question like an overarching question and you don't probe them down and which you can't script then then it's just going to be like sort of semi-vague semi-vague semi-vague semi-vague. And then at some point you're going to have to do some sort of course correction to get them back on the track that you want them to get.
So it's sort of like it's a difficult way of doing it. You know? Whereas like you know, and you can't be married like it like the order that you ask things you you have to be okay with asking them in different orders contextually to the conversation that you're having. So maybe you go down and then you go back up. Mhm.
Right? So you go Okay, like so what are you seeing man? You getting like just lots of candidates but they're [ __ ] Are you getting not many candidates but they're pretty good or you getting no candidates and the ones that you do get are [ __ ] Right? You know what I mean? And it's like [clears throat] that's like bro's tax, you know? And so it's like, "Yeah, no we're not really getting much.
" Okay, is it you're not trying to get any or that you just haven't figured out a way to get the ones that you want? Or we're just not trying. Okay, what's changed recently to where you're like See how like I'm it's a choose your own adventure type thing but it's like I'm going to I'm going to work you down and I know a couple different ways because I know the intent of where I want to go.
And if he's like, "No, we have tried stuff." Okay, so what have you tried? This. Why do you think it didn't work? Was there one that did work? Was there components of it that worked? Okay, cool cuz I don't want to like I don't want to waste your time and have you redo the same [ __ ] over and over again, right? Like I want to actually make sure that we can help you.
Okay, perfect. You know, all right, cool. So okay, so like what about it didn't work? All right, cool. What are you looking for? Like what's the outcome? All right, cool. You know, so see how like I can navigate that little area because the top of a cold is the most difficult part. Yeah. No, for me for me 100% it is.
Like I can do like logical is fine, emotional like the first part is just weird. Like I don't know. I just Yeah. Um So you it's because you've got to understand what you're doing. So like you're you're going from like quite wide and remember if you ask the question like how can I help it is the most difficult opening question you can ask.
Right? So that is like ninja level. It's what I do. And I always say I do it. I don't recommend people doing it because it is really difficult to get people on track but my style of selling is all probing based. Oh yeah, why is that? You sure? For how long? But when? Oh, why? Okay, that makes sense.
Well, what's changed? Oh, now? I like that style of selling too. Like I enjoy doing that as well but it's like it's like hard to get to that point for me. Yeah, but I'm 40 almost 42 years old. No, I know. So, I guess like I've been saying that for as long as you've been alive. You know, so like get some time up, you [ __ ] lid.
You know, right? A legit question. You know, so um like very vague, go kind of more in. So, I guess my first question was too specific. No, no, your first question was like, "How can I help?" Right? So, like the recap was too specific. I guess. Yeah, you went specific into vague, which you can't do. You know, so you sort of um you have a like a a decent grasp of what you're doing, but you're just kind of like what I want you to do is I want you to like remove the uh I want you to go uh more overarching in your first question.
Right? So, don't give them so many uh give them like one thing. Yeah. Yeah. Right? And then start to try and work your way down. Remove the how can I help? Right? So, tell me it looks like looks like you're looking for some help with recruitment. Is that right? Yes. Okay. Um and then go into like the rest of it.
Right? You can go into the next question after that though instead of how can I help? Well, I mean like giving him a like you said like giving him like do you need help with the more reps? Like so like lay a couple options on the table for him. Yeah, so that that that's when you go into like a bucketing question.
You would just go like, "Okay, you know, and or they might cuz they might just give you the thing. Like, "Hey man, we're really struggling with getting quality people in. We're getting tons of people, we're just not getting the right ones." Okay. Right? And then you're like, "Fucking cool." And then you just I'm going to I'm going to slide down there.
What have you been doing? Right? I've been doing this. How long have you been doing that for? This long. Okay. Um like what about it besides the fact you're not getting quality? Like is it are you getting any quality candidates? Is it no quality? Like like you need to understand their current situation, right? And then it's like, "Okay, cool.
So, like what did you see from us to where you're like, 'Oh, I think these guys can help me get better quality.'" Because like you you you want to attach the problem and and then start talking about the problem a lot. Like the end of your sentences is like to get better quality. To get better quality.
So, when you get better quality, like like what do you want from that? Like what's the trajectory of the business? How many people are you going to want? What like what like like what's the goal? If we're sitting down in 12 months, like what's success? Like what's happened? How can we shake hands and you give me 35 different referrals? Like how do we like what's the outcome that happens there? You know, and so you know, start making it clear and and and have some um everyone should have more than the questions on the script in their head
ready to ask if you don't get the answers that you want, whether it's asking the same thing in a different way. You you have to not be okay with moving on from the question if you didn't get the answer. Right? And and you it sometimes you can go, "Oh, dude, sorry." Like like if I go um what happens if you go to your partner and she says no?" They go, "Well, I don't think that would happen because she's really supportive.
" I'm going to go, "Oh, sorry, man, maybe that wasn't clear. Now, what actually happens if she says no?" Right? Because the first one was not an answer to the question. I didn't ask, "Do you think your wife's going to be on board?" I said, "What happens if she says no?" Right? So, I need that answer. "Well, I don't think it would happen.
" Yeah, what if it does though? "Well, I just don't think it would." Okay, what if she had a really shitty day at work and she was super pissed off and she was like, "Fuck you." Right? What happens then? "Well, I guess I'd have to do it anyway." Well, why would you do that? You know what I mean? Or go, "Well, I'd have to convince her.
" Whose responsibility is it to actually get the outcome? You know, so you can then you're going to go down a different tack depending on the answer. You know what I mean? Yeah. Makes Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. So, yeah, cool. Thanks, man. Appreciate it. All right, cool. Marco? Yep. All right. Let me know if this works.
Okay, cool. So so I guess give me a bit of a sense of like what's kind of the main problems Like what for you? Yeah, these days I'm having a hard time falling asleep. Kind of tossing and turning for several hours. Sometimes I For several hours? For several hours, yeah. Oh, wow, man.
How long has that been the case? This actually what happened was my doctor prescribed this trazodone uh for sleep and it was working well and then um I thought I I mean I don't want to take medicine anymore. Yeah. As soon as I stopped it, it seems like I was just reading upon it that uh it causes this um severe insomnia if you stop taking it uh suddenly.
Yeah, right. So, it is uh happening for the last several Just I've got some context. Like how long has it been since you stopped taking it and you've been having this couple days now. A couple of days? Yeah. Okay. And I guess what was the reason for taking it in the first place? The first place was uh again the sleep issue.
I was not getting good sleep at night and uh staying awake. So, um and then I think I was taking this other medicine called Q This is some kind of a new medicine Q E Q Q V Q or something like that. Okay. And that medicine uh is kind of a controlled substance and uh is expensive. So, so got it. Not covered by insurance. So, I think I try I mean I talked to my doctor and he said let's try that.
Got it. Okay. A- and the medications that you were taking there how how long were you taking them for? How long has it been now? It's how long Why is that matter? Cuz I I was trying to get a sense of like has he only not slept for the last 2 days because he just got off his medication or like what's the actual like long like what's been happening for for him for? So, I just wanted to just ask him how long has he had sleep issues for.
Why would you tie back to the meds? Cuz I I wasn't I in the moment I wasn't entirely clear on whether it was just him coming off the meds and like he's only not slept for 2 days or if the med was what he was taking to sleep better because he had sleep issues prior. Yeah, so I would I if I were you, I would avoid I I try and avoid this those medication type stuff and get back to the core problem, which is like bad sleep.
Cuz you know what I mean? So, like what does bad sleep do to you? It makes you cranky, it makes you less productive, it makes you dumber, it makes you live less long, right? You die faster. All all these things, right? And so like if I'm doing it, I'm going to be like, "Fuck, like how many hours? [ __ ] man. What's that doing to you?" Straight away.
I'm like, "You all right? Blink twice if you're okay." Break the mood a little bit, right? And be like, "Hey, what man? We can put some mood music on. You can have a little nana nap right now." You know what I mean? But like you know, like how long have you had sleep issues for? Okay, cool. What have you tried, man? Tried this, this, and this.
Did any of them work? No. Okay, cool. Yeah, we see that a lot, man. Like doctors are trying to put band-aid solutions and just kind of like medicate you to sleep, but like we know that like you wake up feeling just as [ __ ] as as what you did if you didn't sleep, right? Cool, man. So, run me through like like what what what is it actually doing to you? Like like what what's happening with the sleep? I know when I don't sleep, I feel like [ __ ] I'm cranky, I'm a worse husband, I'm a worse father, I'm less effective in my job. And like you
know, as someone I I have suffered from insomnia, the army the army teaches you how to sleep. It's literally one of the things you learn, right? So, I fall asleep super quick now, but it used to take me hours. My son takes hours to fall asleep just like I did, right? So, right? You know, but like yeah, like again, guys, like you know, if you can ask questions contextually, like you you don't have to like you don't have to be stuck in a spot.
If if someone like this isn't an emotional thing is something like sleep. Like he's [ __ ] tired. You can tell. Right? It's like, "Hey Hey, man, like what That's a long time, man. Are you all right? What's that doing to you?" Like showing empathy to someone is not like, "Okay, now we're in problem awareness." It's like we are you know, cuz we can ask a couple of questions that are problem-based questions and then we can go into situation.
We can tie that off. We we can go into like our Okay, like people come to us for this reason, but we can probe and ask questions. It just makes it a more human experience. Yeah. You know, so like avoid rabbit holes that aren't going to change the prescription of what you give them. Yeah.
Right? If the medication changes what you do with them, then go talk about it. But if it's sort of a nothing burger in the overall grand scheme of how you would of what you would sell them, it's it's an unnecessary rabbit hole. Yeah. Right? And you you you've got uh connecting question. Let's say if we got an EPQ style question, situation, problem.
These are questions. Now, they're phases, but you are allowed to ask any question in any phase. There is no rule. No one's going to arrest you for asking a consequence question in solution phase or in Well, like has that been going on for a while? Do you really want to fix that? Commitment question.
Are you sure of that? Yeah. But now or later? Later. What happens if you don't though? Well, I'm just going to [ __ ] keep sleeping and [ __ ] Okay, I'm just so I can see the rationale behind why you might be looking for someone to really help you. See, I like I can do that. That makes sense. It's totally fine. I haven't been arrested by the EPQ [ __ ] Gestapo.
You know, so um and and frame that up to be more conversational is a huge benefit. And and that's why you want to like you want to know your script, but you want to know your script well enough to be able to ad-lib and add without having to like write it down. Yeah. That makes sense. Cool, man. Appreciate it.
Okay, awesome. Let's go with that. Yeah, wanted to do a partner objection role play. I've been struggling with some of those. Okay-dokey. We'll go David cuz you're going to go next. Um Uh sweet. We're going to bang these out. Um Okay, so David, you'll be the partner. Okay. Solid. So let's just assume for this as well that the money's out the way, so just pure partner.
Um So David, if your partner was here right now and they were all all for it, would you do it? Do you feel like it would kind of get you to that next level? Those are two very different questions. You sure you want to ask them together? Which one is he going to answer? Does does does does does he get to decide or do you make him answer both? All right, fair.
I'll I'll make it more concise. Yeah. I guess David, if your partner is here right now and they were like all for it, would you actually do it? Yeah, sure. I I think it's going to get me where I want to go. Yes. >> Uh-huh. Can I ask why? Yes, because what you told me XYZ, I know it can help me like Mhm. probably help me get that result. Fair.
So I I guess for you, how does your partner kind of like feel about you kind of getting the right training and learning that skill set to really like kind of make more income for the family or they supportive or Yeah, for sure. I haven't discussed it with her the details to be honest, but why wouldn't she be? Fair.
If I could ask then, what are you going to do if you kind of go to her and she maybe doesn't want you to put in the funding to kind of like get the right skill set >> I can tell you the problem right now. Do you want to have a crack at it? This is why this is why I mean. Uh so all of your language is definitive in nature. Mhm. Right? It's tran- it's transaction and definitive.
Not transactional, right? It's it's based on getting the transaction and it's definitive. So it leaves you definitive means like um it's uh it's a yes or a no. Right? So what you're saying, instead of going like, "Hey, you know, if your partner was here and she had the context, do do you feel like she'd be, you know, on board with you getting the skills too or like do you feel like, you know, she would be on board?" Right? So but what you're saying is like if she was here and on board, would you do it? I see.
The would you do it part makes it uh a much more intense question. And like it's very early in the objection of the partner. It'd be like it's like going like, "Hey, money aside, would you do it?" Right? That's not the question I ask. I go, "Money aside, do you feel like this could be the answer for you?" Very different question.
One is like, "Would you give me the money?" and one is like, "Do you think this could work?" Then what I can do is I can chunk them down into more definitive statements. Mhm. Right? You know what I mean? But if I start there, it's like me just going up to a random chick at a bar and go, "Do you want to [ __ ] me?" Instead of like, "Hey, can I buy you a drink?" Mhm.
When you said chunk down as well, do you mean like the like the questions after? Like why the what in specific? Yeah, so like you're you're going to increase so you're going to like you need to be the In objection handling, your questions can't be based around getting the money or making the sale. It has to be based around like the idea of doing it or like making the change, right? So it's like, "Hey, if your partner was here, do you feel like she'd be on board with you, you know, doing something like this?" Right? Or or or do you feel like she
would be on board? Like the one I use is like if it's a coaching program, learning the skills. Okay? And cuz I'll give you an example. Everyone, I'm sure, is all for your partner winning a gold medal. Like like in the Olympics. Yay! Do you really want to be married to someone who's trying to become a gold medalist? That's 4:00 a.m. starts.
That's complete self-obsession. Mhm. Nothing else but them and their goal matters. You will come second or third every single time. So although I would love my wife to have a gold medal, I don't want to be married to a chick who's trying to get a gold medal because like who's going to cook my [ __ ] dinner? Right? So it's it's like that's very different.
You know what I mean? A lot of women want a very successful man. Not a lot of women want a dude that is really successful because they have to [ __ ] work a lot. And like sometimes they come second, right? So again, like that's the sort of thing. So it's like, "Hey, if your partner was here, do you feel like she'd be on board with you learning the skills to be able to Yes. All right, cool.
Let's say you go to her and you're like, "Hey, this is the best move." And she's like, "No, I don't think this is the thing." What happens then? So instead of saying like, "Would you do it?" if she says no, would you do it? Right? You go, "What happens?" Mhm. Right? So you see the difference? Like it's one is inviting of conversation and one is leading to a combative back and forth.
Right? So you need to look at your script and be very precise with the words that you use and go, "Am I forcing this person into a corner?" Now if you're doing that intentionally, that's not a bad move. Like down at the end towards it, you're going to [ __ ] put the thing on them and go like like, "Whose decision is this? Are you going to do this or are you not?" Right.
>> Like but that's at the end. So you have to get through. You have to like sort of it's playing the game. It's more neutral in the beginning. Yeah, it's exactly. You've got to go from neutral to more sort of certain, right? And because, you know, you don't want to uh you want to dismantle the idea of having to talk to the partner before you ask for the transaction.
And that's like with money, it's the same thing. Money aside, do you feel like this could be the answer to you? A lot of people go, "If you had the money, would you do it?" It's like it's a [ __ ] stupid question. It sounds the same, but it's like very different. Mhm. That makes sense. Yeah, so you that's your problem.
Like and if you're doing that across all of it, you have to sort of neutralify that language and just be more patient. Fair. That that makes sense. I'll implement that. Quick thing as well cuz with partners sometimes usually most of the time I'm speaking to, you know, wives who kind of need to speak to their husband who's obviously like the breadwinner and stuff.
In that situation cuz obviously they don't have the funding, would you just like book in the follow-up for that specific scenario just cuz obviously they're not the breadwinner? Uh I mean you can like you can still have them buy. Is that what you're asking? Like even though they don't have the money, they can make the transaction.
I'll add more context. If they say if they answer the question of what if you go to your husband and they say no, if the answer is then I wouldn't do it. You just book the This is biz op. Biz op. To women? Just to everyone, but usually when I get partner, it's usually to women. Yeah, sweet. Like um you know, you just go through the same process and it's like you know, and then you just got to remember like um sometimes they can do it, sometimes they can't.
Like I've had an alarming amount of [ __ ] uh conversations with women who have like kind of shitty husbands. Mhm. Right? They'll get pretty scared or pissed off. They do things without their permission. So like you don't want to be that guy. You you have to push it, but know when to be collaborative and work with her to get the husband on board.
Right? Um It's probably like I've done a bunch of videos on it. Um but you you want just want to go through the process, have them take responsibility and accountability, and and then see if what they can do without them, and then hopefully get them to make like a payment with an up down.
It's usually going to be like the way that you do it. I see. If the answer to the question though of what if you go to them and they say no, whether it's, you know, husband or or wife, what would you sort of do then if they said no, I wouldn't do it if they said no? Then I would go through like a responsibility kind of frame.
Like whose responsibility is it to actually get the outcome? Then from there kind of ask it again and if it's a no, then I would collaboratively try and get that partner on board. I see. So then how do you say that? Okay, fair. Makes sense. All right, cool. All right, we're going to make this quick, Nitesh, and then Sahil. I was next next month.
Oh yeah, you were. Sorry. David, you go for it. What is Can we do a role play? I'm in education for business owners. Some training and coaching. I've been like full sales like five months. >> is it outbound inbound? What is it? Outbound. Let's try outbound people that went through our webinar. All right, Nitesh, you good for that? Hey Nitesh, how are you, man? Yeah, I'm good.
Who is it? Great. This is David from Growth Institute from Daniel Marcos' team. I'm calling you because it looks like you went through the webinar yesterday, so you can have some tools on scaling your business and eventually have more freedom. Is that right? Yeah, yeah. I think so. You You think or or you went there I just to have more context or No, yeah, I did I did look at the webinar. Oh, great great man.
So, what are the specifics do you feel you need help with in the business so you can scale it where you want it to be? Um marketing. Marketing? And what about marketing if you can like do you >> And I'm trying to get off the ground so I'm not really that sure but one of the things I saw was marketing per se. Okay.
And uh what are you doing for marketing right now? Uh Honestly, I'm just like posting on social media at the moment like this I'm just trying to get it off the ground so that's one thing. So, trying organic basically. Okay. And what kind of results are that strategy getting you? Uh yeah, honestly not much like but I would say like it's also the start so but yeah, we're we're trying we're trying at the moment.
Like how many leads you say you're getting from that approach? I mean we only started like a week ago but yeah, no leads no leads at the moment. No leads at the moment? And how many leads would you need like in a month to really be a good month for you? Um okay, which which part of the outbound are you struggling with? Yeah, that's the other thing.
Sorry, Mark. Which part of your outbound are you struggling with? Which part of the out outbound are you struggling with? Um no, I'm I'm just wanting to like get feedback. Maybe they they they have >> I was fine. Like obviously you have an accent, right? But like you spoke slow enough.
I thought your scripting was pretty good. I thought the fact that he was like being a little bit vague and whatever like you handled that pretty well. I thought that was all of that pretty good. I don't really have a ton of feedback. I think like uh are you selling in English? No, Spanish. Okay. All right, sweet. So, I'm mean I'm assuming it's smoother in Spanish, right? Which which is good.
Um just give me your opener in Spanish. I told you in Spanish? Yeah, just give me your opener in Spanish. So, just like role play with me real quick. Just give me the opener. Like Hola Matt, como estas? I'll be any too. Muy bien, muy bien, gracias. Matt, soy David del equipo de Daniel Marcos en Growth Institute.
Te estoy llamando porque veo que posiblemente estuviste ayer en el webinar para tener más herramientas y poder escalar tu empresa y tener más libertad. It's pretty good. It's a little wordy. Okay. Too much words? Like now you Yeah, just narrow down a little bit. That was really good. Your analysis is good. It's nice. It's good to go.
I think just narrow that down a little bit um and then go from there. That was pretty good. Okay. All right. All right, cool. Nitesh. Yeah, go to I want to like I have a question related more so just understanding the strategy like you said. So, when I [snorts] ask the shifted question and I get sort of like a recent symptom my problem awareness like I do it but I'm doing it more so from I think I've got it but like like I'm not like checking check boxes like so could you maybe maybe look at the script or just run me
through like you know like cuz I know this one of the things is like you know why they're the approach they're using to fix their problem isn't working. So, like that's new and so I haven't been doing that as much. Like usually I touch on it but then I move like very quickly from it. So, What's the specific question like you you don't understand the problem or I don't what what what's Yeah, You don't understand it? What's the problem that you solve? Um people like it's a business coaching offer. Okay.
>> So, the problem is like they're not able to grow their business. Okay, sweet. All right. And so what are the usual mechanisms that people struggle to grow their business with? Marketing sales. Okay. And is that what you guys mainly focus on fixing up the marketing and sales? Yeah. Yeah, they do.
Yeah, is that what the marketing has like get more leads get more sales? Um very not not so much but yeah, they do touch on it. Yeah. Okay. So, like in problem awareness you you just want to uncover like the the problem but the problem has to be a problem that you can solve. So, there's no point like them talking about them being fat.
Right? Like that doesn't help you out. You know what I mean? So, like all you're trying to do is get the problem how long it's been a problem what's causing the problem and what impact is the problem having. That's that that that's all you need. And that that can be just a couple of questions. Okay.
Now, these people are like a they haven't had a growing business. It's mostly like they're starting out and stuff like [snorts] that. So, would it still be specific around marketing or sales or just like overall they're not growing well. >> Well, I can't answer that question because I said whatever the problems of the business that it solves.
But what is what is the problem? How long has it been a problem? What's causing the problem and what impact is the problem having? Those are the four things that you need in order to understand it. You know what I mean? Now, whatever problem you do is depending on what you're selling. You know what I mean? But that's going to be dependent on like the marketing cuz if they're coming in as like make 10k passive income right? You still need to know what is the problem that's stopping them from making a passive income.
Right? And then how long has it been a problem? What's causing the problem and what impact is not not not being able to create a passive income having or having a stream of stream, right? So, if that's all business dependent stuff. I understand. Okay. Just so just so like a little bit clear like are you also saying like it's to your degree it's like what they think is the problem and then sort of like making the problem awareness about that? Or like >> Well, unless it's unless it's unrelated, right? Like there's only a number of
problems that you can solve. If they come in and say I'm fat, my marriage is [ __ ] and I can't get any sales. I would say, "Okay, let's you know, let's talk about the ones that we can fix today. The sales, what's going on there?" Yeah. You know what I mean? So, like I'm going to go after the problems that I can fix.
Hopefully, they're ones that are addressed in the in the in the in the pillars of the presentation. Yeah, if I could just make quickly a specific one. What I meant to ask was like more so let's say someone says guidance vs. marketing. So, like you know, still like if they're unaware of each I still pick just the guidance and like without the guidance they're not growing at at all.
And if they say marketing >> guidance in what? So, we still need to be specific to marketing and sales. Well, you have to be specific to the problems that you solve. Like I can't I can't make it any clearer than that because like again, the problems that you solve are specific to the things that you're selling.
I don't know what I know you said business growth. It's very ethereal. All right? That could be business it could be mindset coaching. Right? For for for for business owners. Whatever it is, right? But like guidance is super vague. Guidance, how so? Well, I don't know what to do with my marketing.
All right, so you're looking for guidance in marketing. Yes. Sweet. You know what I mean? If they say I'm looking for guidance in my marriage, they'll be like, "Mate, you're in the wrong place. What's going on here? How about we make you rich and then you don't have to worry about it." You know what I mean? So, it makes sense like you just Yeah.
All right, uh Sahil, last question. I've gone over again. Damn it. Awesome. So, I'll just jump in on it straight away. So, pretty much I'm on committed coaches so you know a bit about that I think. Um the objection I've been struggling with is people have been sort of saying that they just they they're waiting to get the supplement and then they'll be open to chatting again, right? Now, or or it might be like or you I thought the supplement works as it is because of obviously the marketing which is all these people that are using AI on the front end, right? So, I guess
in terms of handling those kind of specific objections where it's like, "Hey, I thought the supplement does everything." And the other one where it's like I want to wait for the supplement to come and then be open to chatting again. I mean that's obviously a push like they're just trying to get rid of you. Like I know the like my ideal scenario and the way that I'd try to manage that is being like, "Hey, cool.
The supplement's obviously active like fuel but then it's like the the coaching itself is like really what sort of supercharge you getting results." >> to go into coaching, right? So, if someone says that to me I just go, "Yeah, sweet. That makes total sense. What we try and do is just make sure that you have everything set up so when you get the supplement you can start using it and actually get a good result.
" Right? Because like what if you do it the wrong way or do it the wrong things? Like the sole point of this call is to make sure that you can actually utilize things that you bought to the maximum degree to actually get the outcome that you want. Does that make sense? Yeah, sweet. All right, cool. So, what kind of problem did you have to buy the supplement in the first place? Right? So, like I'm just going to do that.
Now, if they're saying like I thought the supplement did everything. Right? Then you're like, "Yeah, yeah, for sure it does for some people. Let me ask you, have you ever tried to lose weight before?" And it it didn't work or you maybe lost some and didn't Yeah, did you feel like you gave it a good crack? Yes. So, you like you did the thing it just didn't kind of work. Sweet.
Okay, well when I was a kid I was just like sick. I was in all the stupid key classes. Right? Until a teacher came around that knew how to teach dyslexic children and then all of a sudden I was at the top of every class. Now, was the way that they taught broken? No, it was perfect. Just not for me, but I was the outlier. Right? So, maybe like if you tried things in the past, would you be open to like, you know, exploring maybe there's some tinkering that needs to be done because you just are a special circumstance.
Yeah, okay. So, kind of like try to make them feel special by Yeah. telling them this the special one. Yeah. And then it's like, "Oh, yeah." [ __ ] give it a go. Now, meanwhile, they didn't. But like, you know, they are >> They're a special snowflake, right? Okay, cool. So, it's a special snowflake. All right. All right, guys.
Thanks for your time. Speak to you soon. Bye. Thanks, man.
