All right, y'all. So, we don't have a ton of people popping on the actual call today. So, I figured that we will pivot a little bit. I'm going to show you guys how to use Claude to build some pretty cool stuff. If you're not using Claude code yet, you should be. um but more importantly how to set it up to work um as seamlessly as possible and actually be able to generate you guys useful things inside of your business internal tools uh platforms whatever that might be.
Um so I'm trying to think of what we can build right now. Um I think a quiz funnel uh is a really good example of just a simple um thing that we can go build. um as as well as you can use the same thing for if you want to build your own forms uh and have them do you know lead capture throughout the form similar to Iclo uh as well as qualification inside of it.
So I'll go ahead and share my screen here in just a moment and we'll walk through a few tools that we use uh that really really help us to do this at a high level. So let me go ahead and share my screen. So the first thing we want obviously is claude code. So when we open up cloud code uh we want to come here.
Next we want to go to GitHub and when we go to GitHub we're going to see different repositories. I'll explain that in a second. And then we want to use Netlefi. So Netlefi is going to be a way to push your ideas or your code to an actual server so it is live. So we're going to come in here. The first thing we need to do is create a GitHub account. Okay, super easy.
Just go to the website, sign up. Now, once you create a GitHub account, you're going to click on new right here, and you're going to create a repository. So, this is essentially a place where you can store all of your files. Okay, we got some people joining in here. Um, let's go ahead and let these guys in here. Chu, what's up? I don't know if I said that correctly, but welcome to the >> No, that's correct, man.
>> How are you doing? >> I'm doing great, brother. >> About yourself? >> Doing doing very very well. Was uh we're doing a training on some AI AI development inside of uh Cloud Code and how to wire up some of these tools to be able to build uh pretty much whatever you want. So, um, >> perfect. >> One of the biggest issues I see typically is people >> want to push code, but they don't understand how to push it to a server, uh, quick and easily.
So, we're just getting started. So, >> okay, cool. I am I am a newbie when it comes to that kind of stuff, but I would love to learn it, man. >> Amazing. Well, this is going to be a good call for you then, man. Um, >> perfect. >> So, what I was just mentioning uh was the first thing we want to do is create a GitHub uh account.
So it's essentially like a social media platform for developers kind of where you can store your code, you can share code. So we create the GitHub account and then we click new and then we end up right here. So we're going to create a new repository um in this situation and actually let's just do let's do a commission calculator because this is related to sales.
So let's create an actual commission calculator software. So, uh, we're going to say commission dash calculator and we'll do v2. So, that's all we need to do. We're going to click create on this repository right here. Okay. So, now we have a repository. Basically, a place to store our actual code. Next thing we want to do is come to claude. Okay.
And Claude right here has this dropdown and you see install GitHub. So if you've never connected it before, you just connect GitHub and then you'll actually be able to see all your GitHub repositories right here. So I'm going to refresh. The new one should pop up right here. So if we scroll down, we should see uh Commission Calculator B2.
So when we click on this um we now have a chat that is going to upload all of our code that we create right now to that repository. Okay. So the next step uh is well I want my updates to be live so I can actually go log in and do stuff with it. Okay. So we need two more platforms. I prefer supabbase which is your database like where do we store usernames and passwords and things like that. Uh and then we need netlefi.
Netlefi is going to be our actual server where we push the code to. Okay. Um, so when we come in here, I'm going to say we're going to do ro. You are a senior web developer with 20 uh plus years of experience creating visually stunning and uh useful web applications. you are up todate in your um code base and your you pride yourself on writing immaculate.
Immaculate. I don't even know how to spell that word. Uh I don't think that's it either. Immasculate. Is there an S in that word? That's crazy. for anyone watching this on the replay. Um I don't know if that's true or not, but pride yourself on writing immaculate uh code. Uh you are highly analytical and any time you run into an error you take a step back analyze the issue deeply and debug.
You also are talented at creating the project structure or future features and scale. So we'll just do something like that. Uh the prompt is really important here. And then we're going to say goal. We want to create a be a beautiful be a beautiful um software that allows a sales rep to log in and calculate their commissions.
They should be able to add products um as line items each with a quantity and a price point. They can also add multiple of the same same product. Um, and they can enter the amount of cash collected and number of future installments. We want the UI to be easy to use. We also want to ensure that it has a beautiful uh futuristic AI look to it.
Um let's just start there. Outcome. I'm not even going to do an outcome for this. We should also have a superbase. Um, actually, let's add the database later. We won't do a login for this right now. We'll add that later. So, we'll just start here. We're going to go ahead and prompt that on that new repository.
And then it's going to start um analyzing the prompt and start designing uh this product for us. So, while that does that, Chu, is that how you say it? Is that actually how you say it? Chu. >> That's amazing. Where does that name come from? >> Yeah, >> my ethnicity is actually M, which is like a small like hill tribe in like Thailand, Laos, you know, Southeast Asian, whatnot.
So, I guess it's uh where where we originated from. >> Guess where I am right now? You're in >> Thailand. Thailand. I'm in uh Chiang Mai. Oh, really? That's cool. Yeah. I I think um I remember because I I we were in a refugee camp when I was born and whatnot. I think we spent some in in the camps out in Chiang Mai. >> Wow. That's crazy.
>> Yeah. >> Um >> Yes, sir. >> Yeah, it's it's beautiful out here. I uh met some local uh guys here the the first day because we we came from Bangkok to here on Sunday >> and uh met some here. We sat down, started talking. They ride street bikes, I ride motorcycles. They ended up being they uh told me they were doing a trip uh up into the mountains to this little village and I should come with so they got me a street bike and we all hopped on the bikes and went like two hours into the mountains.
It was such a cool trip and totally random. But >> dude, that's awesome. Yeah, I always recommend like you know if you can like a lot of people they go to the tourist spot of course like the bigger city but when it comes to like Thailand Southeast Asia like the beautiful spots are lally in like the mountains that's where you can meet a lot of different hill tribes ethnic groups and whatnot >> experience a lot of different type of culture and uh and and food >> and whatnot as well.
>> Yeah. What part of the world are you in now? >> I'm in I'm in California. >> Um what part of California? a small little small little town um called Merced. There's a Jussi here. >> So >> interesting. >> We're we're literally in a s like like in the center spot of California. >> Yeah. Nice.
Kind of is that by like Bakersfield or >> Yeah. We're we're about like two hours north of Bakersfield. >> Okay. Got it. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Who do you know about Bakersfield, Jordan? >> Oh, I turned my mic off. I was born and raised in uh San Diego and then uh >> move yeah moved up to Idaho but my parents were like my dad was Orange County his whole life my mom was uh Bay Area so a lot of lot of roots in California.
>> No wonder. Okay, that makes sense. >> Yeah. So you ever come, you know, come back here literally you ever say, "Hey, you know what? I want to take a trip down to see the like, you know, this central part of California." If you're into mountains, you know, about an hour and a half away from where I live is Sydney National Park, right? >> So, you know, literally drop by, we'll go grab lunch or something.
>> Definitely. I'll let you know, man. I'll be back that way in um about five weeks. So, >> nice. >> But, uh yeah. >> So, when it comes to >> go for it. >> So, when it comes to like entering profits, you have to be very specific on how you want to how you want. >> Yes. enter it, right? Or or basic basically instruct it.
>> Yes. So, typically I start off with setting the role. Um, so who do I want it to be? Um, and you can kind of just assume, I mean, it helps to have some technical knowledge around that, but you know, at the end of the day, we obviously want it to be analytical. We want it to, you know, self-correct if it starts to go wrong.
We want it to be able to >> think about the future when it's designing this, right? Um so yeah setting the role is really important like who is the AI you know are they a web developer or are they a designer those are different people you know um and if you give it too much stuff and the role you ask it to be too many people it's not going to be like as good right um >> so yeah the role is super important and then I'll usually do you know the the goal um which is hey this is what we're trying to build uh and And putting an outcome is also very helpful. So what is
your expected outcome of this thing, right? So a little different than the goal. Um and then you can also add depending on the project what you don't want it to do, right? So that's that's more, you know, in cloud code, you don't have to do so much of that, but what do you not want it to be? You know, um you can kind of list out those things as well.
Um, but yeah, and then once you enter that prompt, you can see it's doing a bunch of stuff, but it it starts to create the project. So, we can see here it's created kind of a a project scope. So, it's going to initialize the React, TypeScript, and Vite project. So, that's like the underlying codebase. Um, it's going to do Tailwind CSS.
Um, create the project folder, build authentication system for logging in and logging out, create product line items, build the commission calculator logic, create the payment tracking, design futuristic AI themed UI components. Right? So, it's already thought about all this from that prompt. Um, and then it's going to start building.
Um, so it's going to go through each of these to-dos and write that code, right? Um, it does take a little while, but that's a good sign when it takes a while to do what you asked it to because it's it's really thought through and it's it's building something legitimate, right? Um, if you're giving it poor prompts, you'll notice it usually goes a lot faster, which means you have a lot more things to fix in the future.
Um, or you run into errors, you know. So >> remember like back in the day, you know, when I was growing up, right, they say coding usually need a high power machine to go ahead and handle coding and program all that stuff because this is web based. Do you still need like a high power machine to handle it all? >> Not at all, man. It's all web- based.
Yeah, you're 100% right. So you really um with these that's why I'm showing this because with these tools, you don't need terminal on your computer. You don't need Xcode, right? You don't need anything like you don't need anything local on your computer. Um this is web- based you know data warehouse web-based servers right um and all these connect directly.
So what's crazy is once I connect this once this finishes it'll autopublish to netlifi the changes. So it'll auto update the server um which is really cool. So >> and in just an example of like some stuff um that I can show that like we built for example this is a landing page completely 100% developed with cloud code. Um it's got a custom form right here.
It does a partial submit captures that data. Um if someone clicks on one of my ads they'll they'll potentially see this page. Um you know all the copy was written by uh Claude. um all these assets, uh all the buttons, um colors, schemes, this was created by Claude, um all the cards, uh literally everything.
It's it's pretty incredible. So, um yeah, so if you use it correctly, um you can do a lot more than people really even understand at this point. So, um, but yeah, >> someone say, "Hey, you know what? I'm brand new to AI." Like, and they and they saw what you're doing here, like, "This is pretty cool, right?" Like, how would you direct them to start learning about this kind of stuff? >> YouTube probably.
Um, you know, I I would find a couple YouTube channels that are really dedicated to this. Um, >> and and spend some time in there. Obviously, you can go find a mentor, join a program. Um, we actually, our company even has like an AI operator coaching program, if you will. Um, but you can go on YouTube, you can learn most of this.
There's a lot of good videos that break down all of it. Um, you know, it's it's more so committing the time to it, just like anything else. Um, you know, if that's an hour a week or five hours a week. Um, the cool part that I found is that once you get good at it, it becomes addicting. It's like back when Fortnite was out, right? And you always had to pop open the new map and go play like um you you can get really deep in this to where you know you're Yeah.
It's it's all you want to do. So >> because basically, you know, if I if I'm so focused on selling, right, I'm like, you know, 6 to 12 hours a day on a phone, you know, appointments, other stuff going on, and of course, family and life and all that good stuff. >> And so this is something that I'm intrigued by.
Just basically questions, how much of my time can I devote to it, right? and how can I make it I know I know it can make it easier on my behalf basically taking times off to do like you know like more of the operation things uh but again you know it's going to take time to develop into that stuff so that way basically I will have time off later you know so >> yeah definitely you know that's why I you know I think AI is in such a cool place where it's almost like a game you know so a lot of times when we're you know have our work brain turned on you
know I I'm running my company. I got to do sales. I got to have meetings. I'm doing all these different things, right? But this is almost can become so fun that, you know, it's it's instead of watching Netflix, right, to unwind, you can pop on here and play around with it, you know? Um it's pretty rewarding when you see some of this stuff built.
But yeah, >> that's cool. That's really really cool. So, and then to your point, you know, in in the future, you can start using it to help you sell, you know, different maybe assets that you use on your sales calls or um different things, you know, we we have a couple quiz funnels that are really really cool that we build with Claude um that we actually use on sales calls >> um that, you know, help us sell our product, if you will.
So, >> but yeah, this thing's going. If you would give me two minutes. Um, my girlfriend said there are noises downstairs. I don't know what that means. So, I need to go check the front door real quick. So, um, I'll be right back. Go do your thing. All right, we are back.
So, this is still cruising through and looks like we are done. So, there we go. So once it is pushed uh to here, now we got to connect it to Netlefi. So what we're going to do, we're going to come to our workspace. We're going to once you have a Netfly account, super easy to set up. You just basically log in with Google and then we're going to click add project and then import from existing project.
So we'll click on that guy and you have GitHub right here. That's why we built this repository. So you just click on GitHub. It'll ask you to authorize your GitHub account. basic signin and then um you'll see all of your projects here. So, we just want to find the commission calculator V2. Boom. Click on that. Project name.
I recommend naming it the same thing as your other project. So, pop that guy in there. And that's it. We click deploy. And that is going to deploy this codebase to the server. So, right here, it's going to say building. Uh it's either going to say succeeded or failed. Um the cool part is Netlefi has an AI um way to check why it failed.
Um you can see it already published. So it's that easy. Boom. And just like that, we have a live website with our application um ready to go. So we can click on this right here. And boom. You can already see we got a login page. Um now uh here's a demo account. So, let's use Alex.com. I'm guessing the password is what? 10% commission maybe.
Yep, there we go. Cool. Already logged in. So, now we can see here this is what the UI looks like, right? Uh we can see sale items, add product, payment details, right? Uh and then we can go in here. So, we can choose what we want. Now, something I want to iterate or make known here is that you can see it added a bunch of random products.
You can see it also has like categories. Why did it do that? Well, it's because I didn't really specify in my prompt, right? We kept it much shorter than I normally would who this was for, right? What kind of products, how I want products to be entered, etc. So, it has to make up what it's supposed to do here, right? Um, so you can see services and then we can see, you know, random things in here.
Um, and then you can kind of see all this, right? So that's not how I would want it to be done. So we're going to come back here. Um, hey, this is a great first try. Um, let's take a step back and redesign. And this is what I would recommend doing. So, in our original prompt, you can see here I just basically said, you know, a commission calculator, but I didn't really give it any details.
So, now we're going to be much more specific in how I would normally do that first prompt. Um, so we're going to come right here. Um, the commission cal commission calcator should have a way to add products. Each line item that you add should have the following fields. Right? So, one, I want product name. Two is going to be product price.
Three is going to be number of payments. Four is going to be initial cash collected. Five is going to be contract value. Six is going to be commission percent as a slider from zero to uh let's say 50%. So that'd be insane to go above that um seven um uh a way to Whoops. Once the product is added, it should go to a dashboard that shows me the total commission to be paid.
Future commission to be paid. Um, and yeah, let's just do etc. let it jive out there. So, we can see now this is something that we probably should have had in our original prompt, right? So, if I was actually going to build a software, I want to take a minute and really write out what is the idea that I have.
What what do I want it to look like? Um, otherwise AI will go and do what it thinks is best, which sometimes is the best situation. In this situation, it's like, well, I mean, it looks cool. Yeah, we can log in. we already have an app, but you know, if if I don't really want to have to add all these products myself, right? And you know, etc.
So this way, you know, if I do it this way, you enter the product name and the price, right? You know what products you sell, so that should be good enough. So this is kind of how I would do it. Um, and we can kind of start there. So all we have to do is hit enter. Now, this is going to read that prompt.
It's going to re you know kind of iterate on this and the best part is it's going to push the code to here. Now the second best is since this is connected to GitHub under deploys right here we can see the original deploy but it will automatically publish this next deploy for me. So I can literally just refresh my website and it'll look different than it does right now.
So, any questions about that? >> And basically, let's say I have like a product, I guess, a a product commission guideline in a PDF format. Can I upload that and they could just take the data from that and basically automatically um >> 100%. >> I guess calculate based off of that, I guess. >> Exactly. 100%.
So, you would say, "Hey, you know, I'm a sales rep and I want a commission calculator. I want to be able to, you know, project 6 months, you know, get specific 6 months into the future what my commission would be and basically, you know, say, hey, if I do this many sales, this is what I would end up with, right? Uh, I should be able to customize, you know, how many payments and how much each cash, you know, collected amount was on these.
Here's a list of all the products that we sell. And then it'll take those and put it in a drop down. So, that's a great way to kind of shortcut this. Um, and I always recommend if you have assets, obviously include those for context because the more, you know, I guess with AI, what I found is that if you if you get too too too specific, right, sometimes it's not creative enough, right? Um, but on the other side, if if you're too broad, it's too creative.
So, you got to kind of funnel just like you would if someone worked for you, you know? It's like, okay, here's the job role. Now, go do the job as creatively as possible. Um, you know, you still have to have those guidelines there. Um, but you don't want to just have it be your slave essentially. So, >> kind of in the middle.
>> Sorry, what was that? >> That's you kind of have to meet it in the middle. >> Yeah. Yeah, definitely. you know, and and there'll be times, you know, sometimes when I'm building a new software, I'll be like, man, what could be some really cool features? And I'll just ask that, right? Hey, what what other features do you feel like would make this product even better? And it'll come back with a list of 10 really good ideas.
You know, I can say, okay, perfect. Let's do one and two. You know, that's great. So, >> this should be done >> somewhat quickly. Now, something else um that I think is important too is obviously UIUX, right? Um and communicating what you want that to look like. Um you can see here the design is pretty good, but the layout
kind of sucks. um you know so you can always recommend hey I don't like this on the lefth hand side or hey this kind of feels too busy right can you can you figure out a way to make it less busy um but it does a pretty good job at UI if you prompt it correctly I mean you can see this page it's it's pretty beautiful you know landing page um so as long as you prompt it it'll it'll do good So um we are almost done here.
almost and then you'll see the beauty of this automatically committing the changes uh here in a moment. So there you go. So build successful. Let me commit and push the changes. And then we'll see here in just a second you'll see a new um branch come into Netlefi. Almost there. There you go. Cool.
So, you can see it already pushed this branch and then it already published. So, it was that quick. So, we don't even have to go to this. We can just come back to this and refresh. We'll see a completely new page. So, there we go. Boom. So, let's do uh Chewy's gum. There we go. And then we're we sold $1,000 worth of gum.
The total contract was uh $1,000. Number of payments we did three pay two payments. Cash collected was $300 and then the commission was 15%. Right? Boom. Cool. So we can see total commission $150, immediate $45, future $105. Click add item. Boom. And then I can add another one. Um, gum 2.0. We're going to say this is $5,000. Contract value $5,000.
Number of payments, we're going to say five payments. Cash collected, $4,500. Commission percent 10. So, $500 commission. Boom. Boom. It all works. Boom. When I do that, now it added these two together, right? So, we can see that whole thing right there. So, um, yeah. And then, you know, like literally I can send this to Chewy right now.
And if you could maybe share your screen and just go log in um and test it out real quick because that is a live app on the internet. You can share your screen too. There you go. Cool. >> My email and then password. What? I I just make up an demo account down there at the bottom. So, alex company.com. Just type that in and then use any password.
So, the reason for that is we just haven't set up the database yet, which is basically one more step that we could do. Um, but we don't need to do it right now. Uh, Alexcomp.com. There you go. Boom. Look at that. >> On sign in, it didn't let me. I'm not sure the sign in, but it was turned off. I pressed enter, but it let me after I put it put in there.
>> Got it. Got it. Cool. Yeah. So, there's a small bugs that you might have to work out, right? We can say, "Hey, we had an issue with that." Um, but yeah, there it is. Right. And so you can use that. Um, and you know, pretty freaking cool that we have something that we designed, put together, it's already live on the internet and people can use it, you know.
>> Oh yeah, man. This is this is pretty dope right here. >> Yeah. So, >> let's try. >> But yeah, so hats hat $10. But why is it still stuck in negative9 for the future? >> Um because I think your contract value is only 10. So put 3500 there. So, something it didn't understand, and again, this is why the prompting is so important, is I put uh just put 3500 for contract value.
>> Yeah, there you go. So, what I wanted it to be was essentially the product price and the contract value are the same thing, right? So, I just need to now say, hey, that's technically we don't need two fields for that, right? Um >> so, yeah. And then just click add item. That'll pop it up into the saved items.
And there you go. >> Pretty cool, man. Really cool. >> But uh yeah, so um anyone watching this replay again, those are the tools. Superbase, GitHub, Netlfy, Cloud Code, connect those four together uh and you can basically pump out unlimited variations of this. So very very simple, very straightforward way.
Jordan, basically like if someone say, "Hey, I want to have kind of do all this stuff." What do you think on average it runs? It costs them a month to actually be able to to to do this kind of stuff. >> Yeah, it's a great question. It's it's really affordable. Um because it's the server is under like load, right? So, it depends on, you know, how much like how much is actually happening on that server, which probably won't be a lot until you get actual users.
Um Cloud Code's like a hundred bucks a month. Um because well you don't you can use the basic version which is like 20 um depending on how much you prompt it you'll hit a limit and then you got to wait you know 24 hours or whatever it is for that to refresh. But um you know for 50 bucks 100 bucks a month you you could be pretty much be using all of this.
So >> yeah but cool. Well we'll probably wrap it up a little bit early. Um, Chu, it was amazing having you on this call and I appreciate you showing up. Hopefully you learned something new today that can help you. Um, and uh, yeah, we do these calls every Tuesday. They're specifically on AI, sales operations, sales process.
Sometimes we go over pre-all, you know, how to how to get people to show up to appointments, how to follow up, how to create follow-up systems, how to, you know, audit your CRM, etc. I try, we have a lot of sales reps in this community, obviously, like yourself. So, I try to do both from leadership and from the perspective of like a sales rep.
So, um yeah, but it was great to meet you, man. >> Yeah, I'll be on next week, dude. >> Awesome. Cool. Uh well, if you need anything in the meantime, just shoot the community a message and uh we'll see you next week. And everyone uh watching the replay, I hope this video was helpful. Cheers. All right, Jordan. Talk to you later.
>> Have a good one, man.
