Hey guys. So, uh, today this training is on deflections. This is going to be a real quick one. I'll put in a couple of, uh, a couple of, uh, sentences down below of some things that you can use to deflect. But essentially, when you want to deflect, what you want to do is when somebody's asking a question that's too early for them to understand the answer within the process.
So, someone hops on the phone and they just go, "Hey, man. Like, I just kind of I'm just really curious. Just want to find out like how much does this cost? What do you guys do?" Right? We get it all the time. And there are not that many good answers to it. Um, but this is what I find has been the best way.
And there are sort of two techniques that we can employ. There's stage one and stage two. And most people are fine with stage one. There's the occasional guy or girl who needs to go to stage two, right? And so stage one is um hey that's not a problem and I'm more than happy to go through all of that with you but at this stage I feel that it'd be more appropriate if I found out more about you slash your business um to see if there's even the possibility of being able to help.
Would you be open to that? Okay. So again that's written down below. Okay. But essentially it's extremely neutral. It's also the truth. You just like you need to know more. You might have 25 different packages. You don't want to say that though. You don't want to say, "Oh, this man, we have like 10 different packages or we have from free to 100 to all the way to 100,000.
" You know what I mean? You don't ever want to mention your packages, your solution, your program. Again, that lets people know that they're in a sales process. This is just a discovery. Like, so, hey, I'm more than happy to go through all that with you, but at this stage, I think it'd be more appropriate if I could just find out more about you to see if there isn't even even is the possibility of being able to help you.
Would that be okay? and they're like, "Oh, yeah, cool." Most people are totally fine with that. Stage two is if they go, "No, man. I just really want to find out like what it is." Then go, "Okay, do you mind if I ask you just a real quick question?" They go, "Yeah, sure. What do you do for a living?" They say, "I'm a mechanic.
" We go, "All right, cool, man. How much to fix my car?" And they're going to go like, "What do you mean, dude? I just need to know how much to fix my car." They're going to go, "What kind of car is it? I don't have time for these questions, dude. I just need to know how much." Right? And same with an accountant.
How much to do my tax? You know, all all this kind of stuff. You can put that in terms of anyone because everybody needs to know something about their customer, right? Um and so usually like, and I've done that many a time and it actually they sort of laugh and go, "Okay, I get it." And if they don't, just go, "Okay, mate. All the best.
" Like, "Have a great day. They're not a good prospect. you don't want to spend 10, 15, 20 minutes, an hour on the phone with that person. Just go, "Hey, man. All the best, buddy. Um, hope you find what you're looking for. Um, let us know if you need anything in the future and then goodbye.
" Um, but most of the time, that's going to those two deflections are going to allow someone to um, yeah, to sort of understand where you're coming from. And that's really the only time that you'll ever have. And you can you can do that multiple ways through the process. So, um, again, I'll put those down below. This is stage one deflection, stage two deflection.
And uh yeah, good luck with that. The next video will be on how to tactfully interrupt people, which is sort of um like an sort of like an add-on to this.
