In this video, you're going to see a
presentation that I did for a bunch of
business owners and sales reps at an
Australian event called Helios Scale.
I'm going to go through how I got to
where I am today and some of the
business lessons along the way. Some
things around market positioning and how
to have a successful product and how you
can do and how you can make that product
successful without having to rely on
paid advertising and how to actually
position yourself in the marketplace to
where there is a demand immediately for
what you're selling. All righty, guys.
So, uh, what I want to talk about is,
um,
like essentially how I got where I am
today. Kind of give you a little bit of
a rundown and a kind of a brief
explanation of, uh, where I am, like
what I used to do, uh, and like what
I've done, um, I guess in between when I
kind of started in business, uh, and
now, uh, essentially. Uh, let me just,
for some reason, this thing's not
working. If it doesn't work, I'll cut it
away.
That's weird.
All right. Anyway, I'll cut it away. It
doesn't matter. Oh, there we go.
All right. Cool. All right. So,
if I can put it in play mode. Does that
look all right to you guys? You guys see
that? All right. All right. Uh, cool.
All right. So, uh, most of you guys
probably know me from Sales Sniper or
Seventh Level, right? Um, and then now I
have dollar.io. Okay. Um, so what I used
to do, okay, I used to be a sniper. I
was in a tier one special forces unit
called two commander regiment. So that
was me from the age of about 19 through
to about 26 years old. Uh, multiple
combat deployments, uh, you know, yada
yada yada, all that kind of fun stuff.
So it used to be cool. Now I just sort
of hang around my family, my kids. Uh, I
try and make enough money to do the
stuff that I want to do. But that's
really about as as deep as it gets on
that component. And what I'll do is I'll
kind of run you through who I am, right?
So, uh, 2005,
um, I joined the military. All right?
And I'll just kind of reference these in
and out. So, 2005, I joined the
military. I was desperately afraid that
I was a heinous [ __ ] And that's that's
the honest truth of why I joined the
military, right? I I lived a good life.
I had good parents. Um, and I just
really wasn't sure that if someone
[ __ ] around, like what I would find
out essentially. And so, I wanted to
prove to myself that I could do
difficult things. And so I went and did
what I thought was to be the most
difficult thing where I was guaranteed
to find a difficult and arduous
situations. And so I joined the
military. Um then from there uh in 2008
I went on my first deployment. Uh in
2010 I went on another deployment and I
was deployed uh sort of different things
in different theaters in between there.
Then uh I knew that I wasn't a lifer
though. It's just not like I'm not
someone who takes direction extremely
well. Like I always say that I was in
the military and I still never actually
had a boss. I just don't work well in
that environment and I and I prefer to
be kind of a free spirit. I'm about as
true of an entrepreneur as what you can
get. Um, and so I became a personal
trainer. Personal training was a great
thing for me to do. One, it got me into
fitness and all that kind of good stuff.
But what it did do is it taught me like
how to go out, approach people, and it's
a really good little way to learn how to
do sales, marketing, operations, kind of
everything business. And then I
graduated to owning gyms. Um, I owned
one gym, I opened up a second gym,
opened up a third gym, then from there
partnered with a guy called Travis
Jones. And then, uh, me, I put my gyms
in, except for one of them, and then a
bunch of other people. And we end up
opening up about 18 gyms altogether. I
was the person that would go forward and
I would do all the sales for that. So, I
was an owner, but I was predominantly
like a saleserson, and I would open up
the new gyms, and that was my role. And
so, I never really I wasn't really good
at sales. I was someone who just kind of
did it because it was required. Um but
because there was so much pressure to be
able to perform um and our our KPI was
40% lead to sale, not lead to set, not
contact, it was 40% of all leads had to
be sold. Um now we didn't know that was
kind of ridiculous. And we would just
get emailed an Excel spreadsheet twice a
day. And and that's how we did the
sales. We would just call them. I would
do outbound sales for about eight hours
a day. And through that selling eight
hours a day, five, sometimes six days a
week for years, that's how I sort of
started to use the processes that I
learned as a sniper in order to, you
know, kind of figure out what's the most
optimal way to do this. Um, because I
wasn't good by any stretch of the
imagination, but what I was was I was
pretty systemized and processed around
doing that because I didn't want to have
to work insane hours to get the outcome.
And I didn't really trust anybody else
on the team to be able to do it. So I
just kind of like when it came to the
opening of the gyms [clears throat] I
would just do all of it myself and then
from there I'd pass on to other people
like as we went in about uh 2016 I had
my first child so I had my son uh I was
pretty flat broke at that stage to be
honest um like it was a really tough
time and and even uh 2018 when my
daughter was born uh sorry 2019 my
daughter was born in 2018 my she my my
my wife fell pregnant um like she we
were we were pretty much flat broke as
well. And we had to borrow the money for
the um we had to borrow the money for
like some of the tests, right? Like for
the like some of the um genetic tests
that you do. And then when 20 and then
it was around that time around 2018 uh
19 where I went to my wife and I said
like I'm so incredibly unhappy doing
what I'm doing. I just kind of have to
leave. So I just dissolved my equity and
left. Right. Which you which you'll
start to see a theme. Right. So I was
extremely unhappy. The people I was
working with I thought were kind of
scumbags. Um, and I think I was proven
to be true after the fact, but I was I
just didn't like what was going on. And
instead of going through some sort of
long drawn out process where I try and
like sell and get all the money that I
can, I just decided to bounce out and
leave. And then I started my own thing
was called like the only thing I really
knew how to do was sell fitness. So I
started thing called fitness sales
sniper and that was with uh James
Sackle. So that was me and then I asked
James to come in and James is
instrumental in the building of that
business. Me and James are still pretty
close to it today. Um and then uh you
know I was doing sales myself for about
seven to eight different gyms all around
the world all at once and uh James was
doing all the operations and I was doing
that and we started to grow that. Uh I
I've never done like I've never done
paid advertising for one of my own
businesses separate seventh level but I
wasn't the face of that. That's a
different business but I'll go into
that. I'm a big believer of like if you
position a product well enough in the
marketplace and you espouse the value
that it does and like you really don't
have to do paid ads. Paid ads are sort
of a solution uh to either massively
scale or to subsidize having a kind of a
[ __ ] offer, right? Um, most businesses
do not need paid ads to be quite
successful. And I'm going to give some
examples of that. But paid advertising
budgets, and I uh, and I'm going to talk
about that a little bit, are things that
are um, people lean into it way too
heavily, but what they don't really
understand is how to position an offer
that is going to be wanted and needed by
the marketplace or they don't know how
to establish need in a marketplace and
that's why they struggle, right? Or they
get commoditized and then they have to
do tons of paid advertising. that's when
margins start to blow out and stuff like
that. And so like marketers who rely a
lot on paid ads just aren't very good at
marketing. Um and so in 2020 we grew
that up that that got to like $50,000 a
month pretty quickly. But then it was
sort of collapsed because like I was
overselling the ability in order for us
to actually fulfill it. So we scaled it
back down and then started to slowly
scale it back up with some actual
systems in place. But we had like you
know I think at one stage we had 50 60
gyms on and it was all going pretty
well. Then from there, I transitioned
into like high ticket. Um, and because
I've been selling gyms and fitness and
all that kind of stuff for so long, I
went into high ticket. And I was very
successful very quickly because I've
been a full-time salesperson for about
eight years at that point, I think. Um,
and so I remember I made $12,000
commission my first week of being a high
ticket closer. And then I kind of went
to James and I was like, "Hey, let's
just fire all the gyms uh and just do
this." And so we did that. Uh, so we
fired all the gyms and then uh it it was
actually way easier to find reps that
could sell the ROI kind of business
coaching stuff. It was way harder to
find people that could sell $300 fitness
programs. And it wasn't harder to find
like it wasn't numbers. It was people
who could actually sell. I had so many
high ticket closers that came on that we
recruited that could not sell a [ __ ]
could not close a door in a fitness
program like at all. like the disparity
of skill set from someone who like sells
cheap gym memberships to someone who
sells $25,000 business coaching packages
was stark. Um, and so I brought those
fitness guys in and that was like the
first round of people that were like
Sales Sniper. So Sales Sniper was a done
for you sales agency. It grew into a
done for you sales and marketing agency
and we you know and and sort of like uh
and and a consultancy. uh grew that to
around $2.5 million a month I would say
in about 2 years roughly. Uh zero
advertising. Not a dollar was spent on
advertising. And when I say not a
dollar, I mean not a scent. There was
not a single line item that was like ads
or marketing even. There was no
marketing budget. Um everything was done
through completely organic content that
had no spend behind it and brand
positioning. Uh sales agencies are
something that to be fair are relatively
easy to get clients for because it's a
very needed uh it's a very needed thing.
People hate sales and so anything they
can do to like get rid of it uh is
something that people will do, right? Um
in 2021 I met a guy called Jeremy Miner.
Um I hired him to be my sales coach. Um
and then from there he asked me to come
on. When I came on to Seventh Level was
doing roughly $20,000 a month. Um I came
on as a sales rep. Then from there was
asked to be sort of run it. Sales sniper
was doing pretty well. It was about I
think it was over over a million dollars
a month at that point. And so I was
doing running this but I was the
full-time salesperson for this. And then
I kind of became CEO. I got um offered a
good chunk of the company. And then I
kind of grew that up from there. And I
think you know we grew to I think it was
like $2 and half million dollars a month
US by the time I sort of left. I left in
uh January of 2024 was when I handed the
company over. Um and then that's when I
started a call center. Okay. The call
center was a total like it wasn't a
ruse, but what it was, it was never
meant to be a real business. It was
meant to be like I wanted to start a
dialing software because that was the
biggest problem that I saw within
industry that I knew quite well. and
also like wider calling leads and and
then so but I needed I needed some I
needed a way of testing my uh
methodology of dialing and the ideas
that I had and software I've never done
software before so I knew that if I
started a call center that I could grow
that I that did that did $300,000 a
month one um again no advertising that
was all off like referrals networking um
and then just like positioning it was
called the SDR call center so I thought
the name was quite good and it was like
allow me everyone hates your SDR team.
So I started shifting content towards
like the unre the unreliability of SDR
teams and then from there that sort of
got enough traction to where I could
then launch that had about uh 30 to uh
maybe 40 agency clients. Um day one we
had about 80 u uh call center staff over
the course of a year. That ran quite
smoothly and then from there uh it gave
us an opportunity to really problem
solve the dialer. Then from there I sold
the call center. Um and I didn't really
have to put any much of my own money
into development because I used the call
center as the cash flow for that. And
then from there we launched Dialer. I
launched Dialer in uh Janu January of
2025. Um and at the moment I think we
just crossed a thousand users. Uh right.
Um at the moment I'm actively in sales.
I have act I have sales calls like round
two call twos booked next week for
Taylor Welch uh Tony Robbins Cardone
Ventures Hyros right um and then we've
got Andy Elliot we've got one of Tony's
already on there we've got Cole Gordon
and like a number of other quite large
well-known companies already on the
platform and again we've spent zero
dollars in advertising um we also
haven't like borrowed any money from
anybody um but it's all been through
like strategic partnerships and so Um,
that is, uh, kind of what I want to talk
about and then we'll do some Q&A, but
it's like why do some offers work? And
I'm sure if there's sales reps in here,
which I'm sure there are a lot of it,
it's like why are some things easy to
sell and some things are not, right? And
like why is it that you can go onto an
offer and like people just crush it?
Like I ran an offer called yield
farming, uh, which is one of the like
last offers that I personally ran at
Sales Sniper. And we did we went from
a launch of an offer brand new business
to $3 million a month US in six months,
right? Um and that was because it was a
crypto offer during a bull run. Like it
was a very well-placed offer. It was a
yield farming offer when the yield
farming concept had just be had just
become a thing. And so it was a real
like kind of unicorn meteoric type rise.
And it was crazy. And it was a lot of
fun to run. It was actually a really
good program. The guy who runs it really
smart. Um, I still talk to them to this
day. Um, but like that is market
positioning is incredibly important and
it really negates the the need for
insane amounts of advertising. Like they
had a 30x rorowaz, uh, which is wild,
but the market positioning was
fantastic. Um, and there are a lot of
companies that rise with that. Like
Tesla has a $0 marketing budget. Costco
has a has a tiny marketing budget. Zara,
Trader Joe's, WhatsApp, Slack, Dropbox,
GitHub, GoPro, and Lululemon all have
minute tiny marketing budgets. Like I've
never seen a Lululemon.
I've never seen one, right? But I've
been to plenty of Lululemons, right? And
so that's because like what the product
that they offer is really really good.
And like what I love in business and
what I love to sell because I sell
full-time. That's like my main job is
productled growth. When I came into
seventh level, the they had he had
Jeremy had tried to grow it many times
before, but like I pretty much
single-handedly grew to about half a
million a month because like I was the
sales rep, I was the marketing guy, I
was everything in the business. Um but
like it but we developed a strategy
which was uh nobody was doing scripting
and nobody was doing mid-t right like
sort of everyone was either doing
insanely high ticket like I'm talking
5000,000 or they were doing 500 bucks
and so we brought out like in the first
generation of circle was a bit cheaper I
think it was about 13,000 but it was
really around scripting and that was a
real hole that was in the marketplace
and the product was fantastic at the
time I have no idea what it is now right
but the product was all about like it
was an insanely good product. Um and the
value proposition around it was really
really clearly espoused, right? And so
what that does is it means that um like
the time to value that someone gets is
extremely fast, right? And a lot of the
times like if you're not getting
referrals uh in sales um like if it's
not if you have to create these hyper
complex marketing and sales processes
and funnels it's because like the
underlying mechanics of the value that
the and the positioning in the
marketplace is just ultimately
undercooked right um because when you
have it your referrals uh should be a
good chunk of your business right if
referrals are not a good chunk of your
business then like one you super lazy
reps, right? But I got five referrals
last week. We made 14 sales for Dialer
this week, which for a software company
that sells more enterprise level
software with zero advertising is fairly
fantastic, right? Um, and five of those
were like referrals, right? Uh,
customer-led content is incredibly
effective. So like case studies, screen
grabs, like proving that your stuff
works, you know what I mean? And and
then showing people how you can give
value. And then um like when you're in
your category supplying a narrative,
right? Uh that works. So in dialer for
me, the narrative is compliance and
pickup rates, right? And so if you look
at my content, um you'll see like that
narrative throughout it because like I'm
trying to shift a marketplace with the
small following that I do have. I've
only got 18,000 on on uh YouTube and
30,000 on Instagram. You wouldn't think
that would be enough to have a very fast
growing $250,000 a month net positive
cash flow software business taking
absolutely zero dollars, right? But it
is because the market positioning was
thought about very carefully and like if
you look at other dialers, some some
other dialers do relatively similar
things. I think that ours does things
exceptionally well in certain areas, but
we're probably undercooked in some areas
that they're not. But they're all like
just talking about these stupid features
that no one gives a [ __ ] about because
none of them ever sold anything before,
right? Uh then from there, you know what
I mean? You got community and then
distribution partners become incredibly
important, right? Like you want to have
people that kind of get your stuff out
there. And when you do that correctly,
you can sort of um like you can create I
I'll just like uh do it the lame way. Um
but you can you know these are some of
the companies that we have on here and
uh these companies are like new reach
education we have circle of greatness
which is a huge coaching company they do
about 300,000 leads a month profitable
trady sub 2 which you might have that's
a pace morby if you haven't heard of
himy Elliot Cole Gordon mastermind.com
is the is the Tony Robbins and um Dean
Graziosi company Pedro Oda Taylor Welch
And Reync, for example, is the largest
solar company in Australia, right? Um,
and so these companies all came to us
because like someone saw content or
someone saw something and I was referred
to them. Every single one of those ones
that I showed you, they were all
referrals,
right? Um, and so that's what like when
you have a really good quality product,
it's really easy to sell. You don't have
to do crazy [ __ ] Um, and that's like
what I am super passionate about. And in
business, I love getting businesses off
the ground and I love selling things
that are a stupid good offer.
And it is the one thing that I see
talked about the least in this space is
how do you actually make your offer
incredibly enticing? And I'm not talking
about the offer where you're like, "Hey,
give them 30 days money back." I'm
talking about like the fundamental
underlying core principles of what
you're giving your customers. And so
many people are trying to come up with
these crazy marketing tactics and plans
when in reality if something is really
good, people will buy it. It just is.
And if people are not buying what you're
selling, it's probably because it's [ __ ]
or you're really bad at positioning it
so it comes off as crap,
right? And uh it's just never really
spoken about. And I love it and I'm
super passionate. All of my businesses
have worked pretty well. Um, and none of
them except for Seventh Level have
required advertising. But the bigger it
got and the more advertising it
required, the less profitable it became
by a significant margin,
right? Um, and so like if I had my time
again, I would have I would have
controlled that differently. But I [ __ ]
I've never spent a million dollars a
month in advertising. So like I was I
was learning as I was going, right?
>> Hey guys, what's up? Matt here. And I've
noticed that a lot of you are not
subscribed. So what I want you to do is
like go over and hit the little
subscription. uh it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do and you're like, "Hey,
how can I get similar content but pay
for it?" Then I have a membership. You
can go over and join that at any stage
that you want. It's like $49 a month up
to about $200 a month. And we do like
live Q&As's. We have a coaching call
nearly every single day. And there's
like well over 100 videos and I upload
like sort of private trainings and stuff
that I do all the time. So if you want
to check that out, go for it. Uh you
know, sign up through YouTube, cancel
anytime, all that kind of good stuff.
And anyway, back to the video. Bye. So,
that is uh like my favorite thing in
business. That's what I've learned over
the years as to what it takes to be
successful. And that is what I think my
my greatest skill set is being able to
find the holes, figure out what they
are, and then create a product that
fills a gap in a way that other people
haven't filled it and then provide
messaging consistently enough around it
that speaks to people um to where I
don't have to spend enormous amounts of
money uh to get people to do stuff.
Which is why like I have a sales
coaching uh program that has 600 clients
and I've uh 600 coaching clients. I've
never once spent a dime
and I only launched it four months ago,
you know, and it's a side project. Like,
I don't really It's only two hours a
week, but that's 600 people, 600
coaching clients. It makes about $85,000
a month,
right? Uh it's two hours a week. And all
of that is just from like, again, I
called it [ __ ] the gurus. And so, it's a
it's a very specific positioning
to be able to provide outsized value.
and like, "Hey, I'm a full-time sales
rep and I don't have time to do this
full-time, so I'll make it so cheap that
it's ridiculous. And if you want to join
it, it's like a hundred bucks a month.
High five. Good stuff. You get all this
stuff and all the coaches work for free.
Why? Because they can sell you oneonone
and I don't take a dime." So, like that
level of transparency and the fact that
I am a salesperson. I do sales
full-time. I'm actually in the trenches
because I have a software that I'm
growing and I have sales people that do
that stuff as well, but I handle most of
the big sales. Um, that's a unique
positioning point that allowed me to
grow. I think I get five signups a day.
I don't have a single person who runs
that except for a VA that's 20 hours a
week. There's no sales calls, no
nothing. All of it's just people signing
themselves up. And um, again, that's a
market positioning thing,
you know, and so yeah, so that's me.
That's what I've been doing over the
last little bit. That is the importance
of market positioning. I don't want to
go too far into it because I reckon that
you guys will probably enjoy Q&A about
something else far more than listening
to me talk [ __ ] uh in a hotel room uh
with a PowerPoint presentation. So, if
you guys have any questions, I'll open
the floor.
>> Give me a clap. Give me a clap, guys.
>> You don't have to. It's okay.
That guy in the back looks Am I unmuted?
>> Matt, can you hear me all good?
>> I can. Yes. You got me walking around
here. Anyone have questions they want to
ask Matt? Brian.
>> It's a big room. Long walk.
>> Go for it.
>> I'm just slow
mentally
take place when it comes to growing a
business and how
>> can you can you can you mate? Can you
start that again? And I didn't hear the
first
>> talk a bit closer.
>> Yeah. So, how important does reputation
play when it comes to growing a business
and what's your thought process around
managing it since a lot of new
businesses are bound to just make
mistakes?
>> For sure, man. I mean, if you ever
follow me on Instagram, I call my
followers [ __ ] on a daily basis,
right? Um, and so, uh, like I say
whatever I want pretty much all the
time. So, I think like the reputation
is a funny one. I see like I think the
news cycles are extremely fast. So I
think that like reputation will cycle
through and everyone makes mistakes.
Like I've made mistakes, everyone has
made mistakes and I feel like people are
relatively forgiving of that and people
have fairly short-term memories. I think
the important thing is that like uh you
know for every person that you piss off
in business, it's inc like online
reputation. I'm not I'm not as super
concerned about the reputation amongst
people when they're talking in small
groups. I think is more important.
>> And so, uh, like [ __ ] over people or
just being an [ __ ] in general, I
think is no bueno. I think being two
different people is incredibly easy to
see. So, like if you ever meet me in
person, I'm the exact same now as what I
am on camera. I'm like the same person
all the time. Um, and so I think that
reputation amongst peers is important. I
think online reputation is just a news
cycle thing and like I couldn't give a
[ __ ] what anybody says about me at any
stage. In saying that, if you have
problems with it online, I you it will
affect things like show rates, close
rates, stuff like that, and it is
something that you should monitor and
get on top of. Like Reddit is the
cesspool of humanity. And so like, you
know, there's a bunch of people that you
could give away $100 bills and someone
goes and go on Reddit and complain that
they weren't the right, you know,
[ __ ] year, right? So, you know, it
kind of is what it is, but I I don't
think it's sort of as important in the
context that you were saying as what
people think it is. [clears throat]
>> Makes sense. I appreciate that.
>> Yeah.
>> Who asked this question?
Hey Matt, just wondering if you've ever
worked on or partnered with an offer
that had poor positioning and what are
some like fundamentals or key principles
that you use to recraft that offer?
>> I mean, you know,
I would say no if I knew it was bad,
right? Um, like because like what do I
care? I [laughter] mean, like I'm not
I'm not your savior, you know? you got
Jesus for that. So, um I I would say
like if if a if something is positioned
poorly, you know, you really want to do
an analysis of like what is everybody
else doing and am I doing it in the same
way and is there anything that actually
allows me to stand out? The problem is
everyone's kind of selling the same [ __ ]
to the same people in the same way with
the same messaging and they think that
because they have like testimonials that
it's going to make a difference. It's
like people don't care. Um, you know,
and so what you've got to do is you've
really got to sit down and fundamentally
think like what is actually truly
different about me that I could say in
in a in front of a group of people that
were also my competitors and they
couldn't argue the point,
right? And like that is a really really
difficult thing to do. Um,
[clears throat] and it can take days,
weeks and or a month to actually really
sit down, dive deep, and think about
that. The problem is most people are too
stupid or too lazy to do it. Um, and so
like if if I was to sit down and I
thought like, "Okay, this dude's good.
They're actually really good at what
they do." I would sit there. I would
hire out a hotel room for three days and
like have someone who is not on your
team and who is willing to be
confrontational go, "Nope, that's
stupid. They have that. Nope, that's
stupid. They have that. No, you're full
of [ __ ] That's not how it is. No one
cares. You have testimonials. Like,
what's different? what's different. And
if you have nothing different, you
better figure that out because that's
what keeps the business going. That is
the lifeblood of a business. And the
moment that you stop having a thing that
nobody else has, then you are just a
commodity in the marketplace and you're
going to be victim to the fluctuations
of the economy just like everybody else
is.
>> Yeah, makes sense.
>> That was probably a little bit
vitriolic. I apologize. [snorts]
into both. Uh Matt, what do you look for
in an offer that has good market like
positioning in terms of a sales rep and
how do you actually find it?
>> Yeah, it's going to be it's it's
probably going to be difficult, but I
would say like, you know, do do they
have they need to have multiple lead
sources and what I mean by that is they
need to have a set there needs to be
referrals coming in. There needs to be
organic leads and there needs to be like
probably paid leads as I don't I'm not
saying paid marketing isn't a good
thing, but if it's your only thing, I
think you're in a bit of trouble, right?
Because like then it's just a case of
who who can spend the most wins, right?
Like like with Dialer, I can't outspend
these people because like Close just
borrowed 100 million. I can't beat that.
But I tell you what, I've been railing
their client list to the point where the
owners booked a call with me and started
to ask me a bunch of questions and I
said, "Who the [ __ ] do you think you
are? like I'm like I give a [ __ ] like
I'm going to answer your questions you
idiots, right? And then I just made fun
of him for 20 minutes and I hung up the
call. Like it was that was it. Like I
was like I'm not think I give a [ __ ] So
um like I can't outspend them though,
but I can outthink them because I'm
pretty sure I'm smarter than they are.
You know what I mean? And so and I'm
better at this. I'm better at the
marketing. Like I know how to get people
to do stuff. So like I want to have
referrals. I want to have organic leads.
I want to have multiple channels coming
in. Um, they don't need to have like an
organic presence like say what I would,
but they need to have some sort of like
the brand needs to stand and mean for
something, you know, like Nike just do
it. When you think of Nikes, you think
of that. Now, the just do it is like not
just a phrase. It's like that's Nike,
you know what I mean? It's like just do
it, man. Just go out and do it. And so
all their advertising espous is that.
And so you get there's a feeling
attached to it. Brand, I think, is like
a feeling, you know? And so, uh, you
know, it can be hard to do that, but it
can be small, then it can grow out. But
if they're just relying on like paid
advertising channels, I think they're
going to be in a bit of trouble. And if
you can't really sit down and see like
what's different about these guys and
why would a client choose them over
somebody else, if you can't like clearly
and articulately espouse that like I
think easily and with a gut feeling, I
think chances are that business is going
to be here today, gone tomorrow.
And aside from the actual product uh the
marketing channels and the brand itself,
is there anything you look for in the
product specifically?
>> Is it really good? Does it really work?
And I mean like not like sales people
have this like uh rainbows and unicorns
kind of way of looking at things because
like sales people are good at selling
themselves the dream. But it's like, you
know, at some stage you have to have a
look and go like, how happy are their
clients? And can you call any of their
clients or do they try and stop you? Oh,
no. Don't don't don't call the clients.
Why not? [laughter]
Why not? What's going on? You know, and
you can't make everybody happy. So,
that's not what I'm saying. But the
thing has to work and it has to work a
good chunk of the time,
you know, not every time, but a good
chunk of it.
>> Okay.
Some things you can't know until you get
there, though.
>> Matt, could you please uh after you get
asked a question, can you just say the
question out loud so everyone can hear?
>> Oh, yeah, for sure.
>> What hair gel do you use?
>> What hair gel do I use?
>> No, my my real question is um why do you
think you are the best in the game
compared to your competitors?
Uh, well, I guess I mean I guess it
depends on like like in what context.
>> Like every time um I bring your name up,
everyone like glazes you and like you're
like the best of the best. So like why
do you think that? Or like if
>> the question is why does why do so many
people glaze me? Right. Um well, I'll
give I'll give you two I'll give you two
answers. One is probably more honest and
one is more ego-based. Uh the ego-based
answer is that uh I think I'm I'm I'm
exceptionally good at sales. Um and I
think that I am I have a unique ability
to articulate what I'm doing in a way
that is not dumbed down. So which makes
me sound smart, right? Because I don't
dumb down the words that I use. And so
um but I can articulate it very clearly.
And so there's a there's a like it it
seems it seems clear at least that like
I'm there is nothing that isn't
happening that isn't on purpose, right?
What I think that so that's my ego-based
reason for that. Uh the second reason
which I think is probably more accurate
is because I represent a father figure
that a lot of young men in sales never
had.
Right? So that's probably more uh apt
because I'm 41 years old. Um, I used to
kill people for a living, so I I I sort
of espouse like a traditional alpha
male. Um, I say [ __ ] a lot, you know,
which like I suppose is cool, right? Um,
and I really don't seem to give a [ __ ]
what people think about me, which is
like young men as like want to be that.
And so, uh, people who people don't want
to be a salesperson, people fall into
sales. And usually it's people with
relatively difficult backgrounds and
they're younger and so like they see
someone like me who's made it, who used
to be military, who's alpha, and they're
like, "Uh, that guy's cool." And so like
that's why like a big chunk of my
following like like is is very it's not
like cultlike. I won't say that, but
they're very um avid if that makes
sense.
>> Yep.
>> Amazing. Thank you. So, I don't know if
that I don't know that answered your
question, but
>> because I'm a [ __ ] legend. That's why
I'm a legend. [laughter]
>> I'm twice as good as they say I am.
>> Following on from that question, Matt,
what do you think separates like so many
people in this space? Like there seems
to be quite a big gap between 95% of
reps and then the top 5%. There's such a
big difference. So what do you feel like
>> separates the top 1% because it's pretty
evident that you've been there for quite
a while.
>> Yeah. So the question is what separates
the top 1% for the rest. So I'll answer
this in a couple different things. Uh so
let's just say you have an IQ of 130
which is a pretty smart person. The
average IQ is 100 right? Uh you have a
larger gap between uh you and the
average person than the average person
somebody with Down syndrome.
Okay. So like just
right um just like mentally think about
that for a second. Okay. So uh like
that's there's a large intelligence is
like a it's like a it's a cheat code
that you were given at birth. Like you
didn't earn it, you were just given it.
And intelligence plays a large role in
all things, right? Also,
uh most people just don't do stuff. Now
you guys are all in the room so you guys
probably all do stuff because you're
there. You know what I mean? But but in
reality I think that there's uh when I
did selection for special forces, right?
So it's it's one of the only courses
that's designed to fail people and uh
one of the common threads [snorts]
that is one of the only unifying threads
between all the people that pass
selection and people who didn't um is
the ability to compartmentalize. Now
what does that mean in this context? It
means that like when you're given a
series of really difficult things like
if I say hey for the next day you're
going to be doing this extremely
difficult task now that is enough to
break like 80% of people just the
thought of having to do that for that
length of time like they'll just give
up. 80% like hands down no questions
asked 80% of people give up before they
even try. Now why is that? It's because
they're looking at the totality of the
task and they think about how big it is
and how difficult it is. Right? Whereas
compartmentalization is going like uh
when I'm going to break this down into a
series of 10-minute goals, right? And
that's what uh they've done a lot of
studies and people who pass SF selection
across the world have this one trait
where you go, I'm going to get to there
and then I'll see what I do. Now, what
does that do mentally? It gives every
single time we hit one of those
barriers, it gives you a dopamine spike.
Okay? Because I now have hit a goal, a
really tiny one, right? And so all day
I'm sitting there and I'm getting 5,000
tiny little dopamine hits. Now when you
get a dopamine hit, what do you now
want? You want the next dopamine hit. So
now you're hunting for dopamine hits.
Whereas the other person has foregone
their dopamine hit for 24 hours and
that's just too overwhelming of a task.
And so I feel like inherently most
people who do really well are good at
breaking down large things into a series
of smaller things and focusing on the
now like a giant staircase. Look up.
Just do the first step then the second
step. Don't look up at this giant
staircase and go, "Oh my god, how am I
going to achieve this?" Right? And like
I do that subconsciously. A lot of you
will do that subconsciously. Some of you
realize that you don't and probably
figure out a way to do it consciously
because like that is really I think
probably the largest thing that
separates people who end up doing the
things required to be in the top 1% and
don't and the people who achieve it I
and the people who don't I think there's
a a level of luck level of circumstance
and a level of intelligence that
probably separates some people. You can
do everything perfectly. If you're a
total dum dum the chances of you hitting
the jackpot are pretty low.
>> You know what I I mean that's just a
[ __ ] circumstance you know um but you'll
probably do it right if you do all the
right things
um but yeah so it's that like
compartmentalization that series of
small doing and then the other thing
that I think is crucial and vital
there's a great book called the hard
thing about hard things and to sort of
summarize it crudely is that the
difficult thing about hard things is
that it's seeing 10 things that are
wrong but only fixing one and leaving
the other nine because when you leave
the other nine you you leave all the
other variables the same, which then
allows you to see what's working and
what's not. And I was taught that as a
sniper and I didn't even figure out
that's like that helped me until, you
know, years later because like everyone
else would be going like, "We have to
change this, this, this, this, and
this." And I would say, "Yeah, but if we
do all that, we'll never know it works,
so just change this one." Because when
you're shooting, if you change multiple
things at once, like you're never going
to know it's working, right? And so like
I that was drilled into me from quite a
young age. Um, and so for for me, like
in my sales, I just worked on one thing
and I would get better at that one
thing, then I would go to the next, then
I would go to the next, then I would go
to the next. I just systematically did
that. And when I started making really
good money in sales, it was because like
it was incremental increase over the
course of over the course of time. And
then by the time I sort of like
everything came together, I was just
very very efficient. And when you when
you when you have efficiency, hard work,
intelligence, and a good opportunity,
that's what creates like that hockey
stick like ramp up of income.
Is that clear?
>> Hey, Matt.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I'm in the property investment
space. So,
>> uh, we're obviously dealing with
people's finances. So,
>> it's going to be a good time for you for
the next 10 years with that stupid
[ __ ] 5% thing they brought out.
>> Yeah, it's like madness. Yeah, it's
Yeah, crazy. So, uh obviously we are
dealing with finances, quite an
emotional topic for a lot of people. Uh
every now and then you get someone who
wants to bust your balls. So, after a
really challenging call where someone's
riding you or they're putting a lot of
pressure on you to make you jump into
like a dancy monkey mode, what's the
best way to uh self-regulate and get
back on the horse essentially so that
you can get back onto the next
appointment, next call and still show up
and be effective.
>> Okay. So, question is best way to
regulate yourself so you can be most
effective on sales calls and not let one
flow into the other. Pretty pretty much.
Okay. Again, I'll answer this in two
different ways. Uh the the the first way
is that um you should know how many
calls you can handle in a row, right?
And I'll preface that with the newer you
are to sales or the more thinking you
have to do whilst uh on on a sales
interaction, the less you should do in a
row, right? Um I can sell kind of all
day because at this point I can like
play chess and sell at the same time.
like it's sort of it's a relatively
automatic process for me these days. But
I've done a lot of it, right? So that
seems fair. Um but like when I was
selling like initially it was like three
calls was my max and then I would have a
little break and then I could do three
more calls. The reason for that was
because I found it just my brain would
just melt. There was just a lot of
decisions going on. I was listening very
intently and there's a lot of like
internal dialogue, exorbiting external
dialogue and it's decisions, right? It's
like putting together a puzzle in real
time. And so people shouldn't do 10 back
toback. I would argue if you do 10 back
to back, the chances of you closing your
last four is like 5%. And if you ran the
numbers, I guarantee you you're not
closing those people, right? If you are,
more power to you, right? Um and so like
know that limit because sales is a
mental exercise. Like you need sleep,
you need to eat, you need to fuel the
brain, right? So know that limitation.
The second thing is that a lot of that
come like if you care then that's going
to affect you, right? So, and what I I
what I mean by care, I don't mean be
like a callous [ __ ] I mean like like
one I don't care what people think about
me and so like someone calling me
something or giving me [ __ ] like it just
doesn't affect me at all. However, I
understand that that's sort of it's a
circumstance of life. I went to 11
schools, you know, yada yada yada. And
so, um, what I would say is like a lot
of that comes from frustration. And you
can you can tell me if I'm wrong here,
but a lot of the time, you know, uh,
when if I get frustrated on a sales
call, it's very difficult to hide. And
what that means is that like there's now
like a venom behind my words. There's a
slightly different meaning and context.
And so that makes it more adversarial.
Now when when a coal gets adversarial of
which there's really no reason to get
adversarial because like you're just
having a discussions like why should it
get heated or whatever. So what I would
say is like you're looking at that
person's life through a keyhole and
you're making a value judgment that they
should do the recommendation that you've
said. That's pretty fair, right? The
only problem with that is that you
really have no idea about that person
and you're looking at them through a
very small lens in a very small period
of time over the breadth of their life
and you're going like I know better than
you when in reality you don't
right and so if you can learn to let
that go your life will be easier
especially in sales and you'll make more
sales because then there's no venom that
comes out there is no frustration
because you realize that all you're
going to do is your process and they're
going to make their decision regardless.
And the better you are at the process,
the more consistent they make a decision
that's in line with what you want.
However, you know that you do not know
what's best for them,
right? So, like that's a bit more maybe
of a woowoo way, but it like to me that
makes a lot of sense because frustration
ruins sales calls. And the second and
then and it also like it it it lowers
your overall like anxiety um about the
call and you don't get heated, you don't
get frustrated and all of a sudden now
most of your calls are pretty chill,
right? And then it's about learning how
to like remove the thought of like the
red herring like of the the weird
individual, the eggshell skull. You
know, we don't make legislation based
off eggshell skulls.
It's like someone who has an odd
reaction to something. That's not the
rule and we don't worry about it. And so
my my answer is like unfortunately
probably not massively helpful today,
but hopefully it absorbs for some people
and it's helpful over the course of time
is like learn that you are not the
arbiter of what is correct. That will
make your sales calls far less
adversarial and it will make you more
sales and the sales that you don't make
won't get to the point where they're
frustrating and nasty.
Is that is that helpful? Maybe.
>> Absolutely. That was very good. Very
good.
>> Bit of a parable that one, but uh I try
my best.
Next question.
How tall am I? 6'2.
>> Hey, Matt. Great to connect again.
Probably don't remember me, but I used
to work for you.
>> I can't I can't see your face. Who is
it?
>> It's all good. I I have a uh just so you
can just say your name.
>> Oh, Kai. Kai.
>> Kai. [laughter] There we go.
>> Okay. Um, so this is a question for more
people that are like wanting to scale
with leverage. So, I'm on an account
right now and I'm also doing sales
management. And what I know is the top
closes, you just leave them alone. They
do their job. The company makes money.
But as a sales manager, how do you how
do you separate yourself from like the
the top 1% sales manager in the world
versus like every other sales manager
that's trying to micromanage the team?
Like how how can I do my role for my
reps or my team better so that everyone
actually like gets paid more money?
>> Yeah. Yeah, it's a really good question.
How do you how do you sort of uh what's
the optimum way to manage sales teams? I
think that you need to look at yourself
uh like you are the coach of an NBA
team. Right? I think what most people
get wrong in sales management and what
I've seen many many times and I've
reprimanded many people for is that they
try and create an egalitarian sales
system which means like equal for all.
Uh, no. Uh, I don't like I I like
there's the this is going to sound
callous, but the people don't matter.
They matter as humans, but in a sales
team, their performance is what matters,
not like not the person. So, I want to
separate the two things. People are
important and they're intrinsic and
they're made of the image, you got all
that kind of good stuff, right? But when
it comes to managing a sales team, I
couldn't give two [ __ ] right? Like I
don't care. What I want is I want to
give Steph Curry the bowl. Everyone say
with me, give Steph Curry the bowl. All
right. What that means is that like
there's a whole bench, right? There's 11
other people on that team and Steph
Curry makes more than everyone else
combined. Is that fair?
Yes. Why? Because he is that much better
and that's it. And so what you do is you
create an offense that gives Steph Curry
the [ __ ] bowl. What you don't do is
go, let's do equal distribution because
it's fair and then Steph only gets 20
shots a night instead of his 40. No, you
give that [ __ ] 40 shots a night,
right? Because he's the one that's going
to get you the points. Now, do you then
disregard everybody else? No. But you
have to make sure that Steph Curry gets
his shots and gets his minutes because
like that is what guarantees you 30
points a night, 40 points a night,
right? And so a lot of the time sales
management they spread everything out
and they create this like equality based
system whereas the best leads should go
to the best closer. You should fill that
person up before anybody else gets a
bite. Right? If the best closer has a
call that hasn't confirmed and the
number two has a call that has
confirmed, you as the sales manager go
and you swap those names.
Why? Because that is the best thing for
the business,
right? Like hands down, no questions
asked. And you focus on on that aspect
of it and you run it like a team. I know
I've got my guys that need to give me
30, 20, 10 points. I got my rebound
guys. I got my bench guys, but I'm gonna
waterfall in, right? So, I'm gonna have
cups, right? And I'm gonna fill one cup,
then the other, then the other. I'm not
going to evenly distribute because if
that guy is that much better, then he
needs to be or she needs to be full
before anybody else gets a look, right?
And it's like people hate that, right?
But like it's ridiculous to do it any
other way because the whole point is to
create a championship team, not an
all-star team, a championship team. And
the championship team has to be run a
very particular way. And when you have
your guys that are like way better, you
have to nurture and and pump as much
into that as possible. And Steph Curry
gets to park in the parking spot of the
owner. He gets to do that, right? he
gets to show up to practice 30 minutes
later if he wants. Right? These are
things that Steph Curry's get. I I have
been that guy on those teams, right? And
when I was asked to do things, I would
say no. Why? Because like I'm a
commission sales rep and I'll do
whatever I want, right? If you don't
want me here, I'll go somewhere else
because Steph Curry doesn't need the
Warriors. The Warriors need Steph Curry.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah. Thanks for that, mate. Thank you.
>> Yeah. People hate that, but it's the way
to do it, right? You know, you know they
make friends.
>> One more question. Just one one more
quick one. So, um I've noticed that on
like a lot of sale I've noticed that on
a lot of sales teams, people like bloat
out the sales teams and that [ __ ]
everything up. So, what are your
thoughts on like, you know, having small
sales teams, but everyone on the team is
like a savage. I think I actually
answered that one myself. Um it doesn't
really it doesn't really exist. That's
the problem. Like like the distribution
curve is like anything, right? So, the
distribution curve is sales. It's very
similar to athletes, you know what I
mean? Again, Steph Curry's makes more
and scores more than everybody else,
right? And like Michael Jordan did that.
And so, you've got excellent players,
right, on these teams, but it's this the
distribution curve is still going to be
there. You're if you try and create a
team of savages, you end up with an
all-star team. Would that all-star team
beat the championship team? They would
not, right? And so, if you're looking to
create a team of savages, I think you're
one, I think you're gonna fail. Two, I
think it's going to be such a toxic
environment because like when I came
onto a sales team as a sales rep. I like
was not nice to people. My thing was
like, "Hey guys, Matt here. I'm the new
guy. I'm going to make so many sales
that all of you are going to quit. Any
questions? Screw your doubt for points?"
No. [ __ ] you. I'm out. Right? Because I
liked the back and forth of that and I
thought it was fun to mess with
everybody. And then my job was to I
wanted to defeat them. That's kind of
how I like having an enemy. Right? This
is how I work. And so I wanted I it's
not a team for me, not a team event.
This is an individual event and I want
to win. And so if you have a team of
savages of savage sales reps and you
think they're going to work together and
play nice, that is not going to happen.
Top sales reps are going to want to
compete with each other and tear each
other to pieces. And that's what savages
are. That's why it's called a savage,
right? Like that's not a team player.
That's a killer, right? And so if you
try and create that, it may happen. And
but it's sort of more like stars
aligning and it will be shortlived and
it will be really fun and then it'll be
really unplanned. You know what I mean?
I know because I've been a part of it.
And then from there, you know, but I
think the the core should be how do we
create a well-rounded team? I think you
need to have consistent turnover in your
sales team. When sales teams, if they
don't see people getting fired, new
people coming in, they get really
complacent. And so there has to be like
line in the sand type stuff where you're
dropping people and bringing in new
people. Um it's just because like sales
reps are very particular types of people
and they require uh sch slaps every now
and then. They they need to be told like
they need to be shown that hey you you
have to elevate. You have to keep
getting better. You have to keep
striving because if you're not this
guy's chasing your heels and then if you
don't if you're not good enough one day
you're going to be out. That's how you
keep people hungry in sales. Um
especially in commission only roles
right? And so u you know it that's why
sales teams are difficult to manage you
know.
>> Sounds good. How are we looking for time
Matt on your side? You have a hard stop.
>> Uh I mean it's hardish. Right. As soon
as my kids walk in the door you'all can
go [ __ ] yourselves right. Um but but
until then I think we'll be sweet.
>> You have any
>> whatever you guys want to do.
>> We'll go one more question. Matt, who
wants last question?
>> Yes.
>> Go this guy. Yeah. Hands up first.
Get a good one.
>> Hey Matt, what's your opinion on taking
a more sacrificial long-term skill
stacking approach to getting into
business ownership in comparison to
taking hits and learning lessons from
actually doing it? For example, for a
sales rep who wants to get into perhaps
consulting, growth operating, business
ownership, what are your
>> opinions and what is your advice on
actually getting into business ownership
but not taking too many hits and not
also slowing down the process?
>> Yeah, for sure. So, question is, uh, I'm
a closer and I think I can make more
money to be a sales manager. Is that the
question? Right.
[laughter]
>> Um, if you want to down. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah. So like you know I
think if you've only sold one type of
thing a sales manager you will not be at
least a good one. Um I I would want to
like you know I I I done large volume
outbound large volume inbound a couple
of different industries lots of
different types of selling. I was the
top rep in a number of different places.
Um and I don't you'll make more money as
a top rep than what you will as a sales
manager. Like hands down no questions
asked. management has a higher floor
which means you have a lower ceiling.
Whenever you introduce a lack of risk,
you introduce a lack of reward. Okay?
So, the most amount of money you can
make uh up until like even as a business
owner to be honest like you like it's
hard to match the money that you can
make as a high performing rep in a good
business even as the business owner
because if you're you know what I mean
because like once you take into account
the insane amount of taxes we pay in
Australia yada yada yada yada yada and
then what it takes to run the company
the amount of money that you take home
and the fact that like if there is a bad
month you're not making anything it's
difficult to match that until you get to
a certain point And then it kind of goes
beyond but you're looking at years of
ramp up right and so I I would say like
like you know I am very glad that I did
not ever try to manage anything uh for
eight nine years because I see a lot of
young reps fall into the I've been
grinding for six months and I'm ready to
move on. Right? It's like [ __ ] I
did outbound selling $59 fitness
programs for five years you little
[ __ ] like like I did the work, you
know what I mean, right? So, I'm not
talking to you specifically. You may not
be a little [ __ ] You might be, but you
you don't you don't sound like it. So,
um like I I think that you would want to
have you would want to come to me,
someone like me, right, who's been
around for a while, and like proudly
supply your resume and go, I will be a
good manager. And until you can do that
and look someone in the eye, I think
that you should stay in sales because
you have an opportunity to learn without
spending your money. You can learn what
people are doing right. You can learn
what people are doing wrong. You can you
can uh see what they've done and see if
you like it because business like the
the high ticket space has a lot of
entrepreneurs and I I don't mean that in
a derogatory way, right? Because I am a
true entrepreneur, right? I'm someone
who from nothing can grow something. A
lot of people need are entrepreneurs.
They need something. They're good at
growing it, right? I am someone you give
me absolutely nothing, I'll make a
business out of it and I'll make it work
because like that's my I love that [ __ ]
right? Like nuke the world, I'll make a
business, right? Like and I've done that
multiple times and I have tremendous
amounts of uh confidence in my ability
to do that. Whereas entrepreneurs will
struggle with that and entrepreneurs I
think are people that want what
entrepreneurs have however are not are
are are too riskaverse
right whereas like uh I have a
tremendous risk tolerance right and and
that's inbuilt in me right like it's why
I joined the army special forces like
it's it has good and bad like there are
some [ __ ] problems with that like
dude I lost some money in crypto let me
let me [ __ ] tell you right and So,
uh, it has its goods and its bads and
it, you know, an entrepreneur is not
better than an entrepreneur is not
better than an employee. We need all
those things and they're all valuable in
their own right. But I would I would say
like if you're if you're not the type of
person that's just going to go, "Fuck
it. I'm doing it." You're probably not
an entrepreneur because um, like that's
a very entrepreneurial endeavor, but you
might be a fantastic entrepreneur. in
which case you should work with somebody
and then grow what they started and then
become important and become an owner
that way. Um or maybe you can just you
know um you know keep being a sales rep
and I think that there is a tremendous
benefit in being a sales rep and I think
that if you look at managers that are
really good uh like the one that just
walked by there Anthony Vizari like he
was a sales rep for a very long time and
he was a very competent one then when he
became a manager he'd seen more than one
thing. What's up? Congratulations on the
baby by the way. Um and uh yeah,
[laughter]
Mfaki. Um and so like that's a good
example, right? And and I think more
people would do I think you should try
and max out what you've done as a sales
rep before you have a look at moving on
because I think being in sales is a
tremendous opportunity to learn, thrive,
make a ton of money, have very little uh
responsibility, have a lot of fun, and
learn a shitload without having to spend
your own money.
>> Makes sense.
>> Anyway, yeah.
or just [ __ ] it and do what you want.
I'm sure you'd be fine.
>> Well, Matt, I thank you. I know it was
late notice uh for you to attend. Maybe
next time in person, but everybody stand
up so Matt can actually see you all
because it's a big room. And just uh
give him a round of applause, guys.
>> Thank you.
Quite an audience. It's quite a crowd.
So, yeah. Thank you again, Matt.
>> No worries, guys. Thanks very much.
Enjoy.
