Hey guys, Matt here and today what we're going to learn is about how to find budget within somebody's lifestyle to do your fitness program. Uh this is a particularly useful skill specifically for fitness sales because in fitness there is no ROI on the product. So we have to sort of work it into people's budgets, right? We're asking for their time. We're asking for their money.
We're asking them to be in physical pain. And we're asking them to go without stuff. So that's why fitness is a particularly difficult sale. All right. So the acronym that we use is foster. So we use F is for fast food, A is for alcohol, S is for Starbucks, T is for tobacco, E is for entertainment, and R is for restaurants. Okay.
So what does that mean? That means that we need to go through and conversationally be able to figure out how we can get that. And the way that we do that is by diving deep into those factors. Now, if we say that after the fact, after we've gone for the pitch and we try and find budget, it will never happen.
If you talk to someone and go, "Oh, well, listen, you know, are you open to looking to find the budget? Do you do coffee?" No. You drink tea? No. Like I've even had people say they don't drink coffee, but they do drink tea and like they didn't take that into account. So, oh, but you said coffee.
You know what I mean? But they still go and they still buy a tea from the cafe twice a day. Um, you need to be very specific when you say takeaway or fast food. Okay, you have to say, are there any meals? So, so let me get this straight. You eat three meals a day. Is that correct? Yes. And you eat that seven days a week.
It's no different on weekends. No, it's the same. Okay. How many of those meals do you make yourself? I make about 10 of them myself. Okay. So, you're buying 11 meals a week. Is that correct? Yes. But if you said, "Do you get take out?" They would say, "No, they don't get take out because they don't consider going to their local place and sitting down and having lunch at work, takeaway, right?" So, like you need to be very specific with the wording, with the language.
You need to be able to make sure that you get all the information. Now, how we get that it's going to be conversationally be like, "Hey, just like ju just so I can understand them about your lifestyle and can you kind of break down like a day of eating for you and then go, okay, what do you have?" Okay, sweet.
That makes sense. That makes sense. And then go through it with them. Take them through, right? Do you drink? If so, how much? Do you smoke? If so, how much? Do you like cook your own food? Okay. Um, what do you like to eat? What do you like to cook? You can like there's all these things that you can find.
And then in the next video, I'll go through how to go beyond that. But this one's just going to be about those particular things. So, you know, if someone has two coffees a day and it's like $5 a coffee, then someone is spending $10 a day on coffee, right? If someone is, you know, getting if someone is drinking say two glasses of wine a night, there's about three or four glasses of wine in a bottle, that means that they're having three bottles of wine a week.
If a, you know, not terrible bottle of wine is 15 bucks, that means that they're spending $45 a week online. Okay? And these are expenses that people don't think at, they don't blink at, right? And our programs, usually a lot of fitness programs are between, say, $50 and $200 a week. So being able to find these things is essential in making it a no-brainer decision to sign up there and then over the phone again.
So it's very, very important. So we go through that acronym. Okay, we have F fast food, A alcohol, S, Starbucks, T tobacco, E entertainment, and R is restaurants. Okay, going out to the movies. Do you have any hobbies? What do you do for you? Can I ask you that? Okay, and we're going to go into that into like the next one, but these are really important things to iron down.
You need to have them towards the top of your script when you're in the discovery phase, when you're trying to find out what someone's problem is and what might be holding them back, right? And then once we've gotten that information, we just say, "Hey, wondering would you be open to reducing some of those activities so that you can lose the weight so that you do get, you know, xyz result?" They go, "Yeah, okay, but but why?" Get them to explain why reducing some of those activities is the best move for them. Then they've defended
their own position. They dig in on that. They're not going to use it as an excuse later. All right, guys. Uh, move on to the next video.
