you Chris tra. Okay. All right. Hi everyone. Hope all are well. Uh I've had a hiatus. I don't know who's been on my training calls before. Andrew, I know you have been elsewhere. Um, so just so you guys are clear, I can help essentially with any sales challenges that you are having pertaining to like scripts, process, whatever.
You know, you can role play, I can give you feedback. Um, I'd say an area where, you know, I guess a focus area for me is certainly in sales EQ or emotional intelligence. So being able to adapt your approach depending on the emotional state that the person you're speaking to is in. Um the caveat to that is being able to understand very quickly and very accurately what emotional state the person you're speaking to is in.
Um how to utilize that to predict what objections that you get and you know therefore understanding okay what conversation needs to be had to prevent those objections from coming up in the first place. >> Um using that as a means as well to diagnose any potential resistance that you're getting whether that's sales resistance or just some type of resistance to questions that were being asked to you as a person like whatever whatever it is.
Um, and I suppose the reason that I I feel um and have come to find, you know, that's important but sometimes forgotten is like you guys tell me for anyone who's dating or in a relationship, do you approach your partner about something um in ex and and speak to them exactly the same way when they're in a really good mood uh or you know or if they're stressed or angry? Um you know, boys, are you trying to take your MS to bed when she's in a bad mood? probably not.
There's a reason for that, right? So now the challenge is though like we kind of develop that emotional intelligence and emotional acuity with people that we know over a period of time. Whereas often times with when it comes to a sales conversation, this is the very first time that we're interacting with a human and we haven't got the benefit of having got to know them and and understanding them as like a person.
Um, so we need another way to be able to do that. And then the other challenge to that can be that people often come into a sales conversation wearing a mask. Okay. Um, however, masks are masks require effort to wear because it's not natural. And so what do we sometimes do when we're wearing a mask? We let the mask slip. when the mask slips, that's where I get an opportunity to get a feel for the real person.
So, that's kind of my my goal as quickly as possible at the beginning of the conversation is work out kind of fact from fiction, so to speak. And um yeah, I mean that in itself has really changed my relationship or my perspective of initial call sales call resistance as opposed to being like ah man like this person's like cold and and and closed down. I kind of smile and I go awesome.
Like I find it's fun. And also I look at it like perfect, you know, this is exactly what's supposed to happen. But then I just kind of smile. I'm a lot more relaxed at the start and I look at it as a bit more of a game. Um, so yeah, that's kind of my area of expertise if that's triggering anything for anybody.
But otherwise, like I said, I can help with anything that you guys are needing help with pertaining to improving the quality of your sales conversations, your results, and your bank accounts. Um, so yeah, I'll hand it to you guys. Pop your hand up, like your little emoji hand thing up if you'd like some help, some feedback, you've got a question, and then I'll just move around the room.
Um, make sure you don't sit on that either because like if only a few people put hands up, like I'll give those people extra time. And so if you're you wait to the end, you put your hand up. Now I'm like, "Oh, great. I've just given you know, I don't know, given Max 25 minutes because no one else bothered to put their hand up, right? So hands up if you want help and feedback and we'll go around the I'll go around and I'll and I'll help.
" And it's not a lecture either, so no one puts their hand up. We just end the call. >> Good job. All right, Andrew. How can I help? Hey, so I was wondering um if you had any feedback um for getting your first offer. I know it's a little bit off, but like I like I'm trans I want to transition from retail sales.
I don't know if you saw my personal Facebook the store closed >> and a lot of >> a lot of stores want um a lot of online things they want experience. They want call recordings and stuff that I just don't have. >> Yeah. Okay. So, I think like I mean, you know, there's there's no black and white feedback for any one person. You kind of have to like and if anyone tries to force any kind of there's a right way to do things on you guys just telling, you know, telling to [ __ ] off.
Like there's not you got to do what's right for you. And so I would say there's a couple things that I would look at, but like a best case scenario would be if money is not too much of a concern, as in maybe you've got some savings there, you've got a little bit of a runway, you can look at that and go, you know what, I'm okay with burning that while I figure things out.
Then I would say make your priority an offer where it's not so much about skill, it's more about like volume and you can just fail forward like a bazillion times a day. Um, oftentimes a really good offer to get into when you're transitioning from say in person to remote sales would be fitness because typically it's lower ticket, typically it's higher volume and it's just a really good way to have a heap of conversations in a day and get really good as opposed to something that is like maybe higher ticket where one maybe it's a little trickier to get on to the offer. It's a
bit trickier to get up and running. it's more higher ticket, but also you've got much lower call volume. And even if you're not new to remote sales, but maybe you're going onto a new offer, I would say like, you know, the more volume you have, the more conversations you can have, the the faster you'll get good.
So, that would be my like biggest thing, you know, just take into account, you know, consider your financial situation a little bit. Um, and you know, I mean, if you've got some savings there and again, you're cool with like burning it. That's what I did. I just had a bit of cash there and I went cool. Like I'll burn through that no problem.
I'll like figure this out. I burn through that and some. You know what I mean? But like I'm here where I am now so I wouldn't change things. But like that's what I did. I just went where can I have a lot of conversations and I went that route. Um and you know there's a few different offers out there that I'd say that'd be good for that.
Committed coaches is one because they've just got more leads that you can poke a stick at. Um and the good thing there is there's not a whole heap of pressure on you to like get in and be like phenomenal immediately. Um, VSO's probably like another one because again kind of like high volume.
They're also a challenging sale. So, if you can figure that out, if you can crack that, you can sell anything. So, yeah. Does that help? >> Yes. >> Cool. And I and I know personally and there's a few different committed teams like um you know Ryan Ortega is floating about but also I've got uh uh I can connect you know I've got someone I can link you like link people up with who's one of the you know the pop teams there and they're not asking for core reviews and things like that.
They're more just looking for like ethic and are you showing up and and you know willing to do the work. So yeah this that's that's kind of what my take would be. Is that good? Get get what you need or Yeah. Sweet. >> All right. Uh, Max, how can I help? >> Hey, Laura, how are you? Can you hear me? Okay. >> Yeah, I can hear you.
>> Perfect. So, quick question. Um, so like I'm going NPQ. So, solution awareness part one. >> Um, if I'm pre-objection handling there, how far are you like are you getting commit? Let's say it's like u like a like you realize they haven't moved forward because of price. Uhhuh. >> Are you getting commit like once you do your reframe, are you getting like commitment at the end or like how are you >> Yeah.
>> How are you ending it? >> Yeah. So, I would say that like um with that first part of solution awareness, I'd say learn it in stages. Um there's for example, there's no point doing the the whole like nine yards in that in that first part of solution awareness if you're just not very well verssed in the first part of solution awareness.
I'd say that level one would be just getting through it as in understanding there are kind of there's a decision tree that happens at that point where it's like okay they've looked at something but didn't move forward or they haven't looked at all or they've tried something in the past and understanding where do I take the conversation depending on that response I would say that's a great place to start um how how confident how familiar how well versed would you say that you are in like you know that part of AQ >> pretty pretty good. I'm an inner circle.
Um >> Okay, good. Great. So hopefully pretty. >> Yeah. So I have Yeah. So I have a decent understanding. Um yeah, >> it's just more along the lines like I can I go through my reframe with them, right? And they're like following along >> and then >> I just don't know if that's good enough or should I go kind of like how Anthony goes about it and gets like commitment like hey are you are you commit like doing like the two type of >> people? But you you tell me how good is Anthony at sales in your opinion? >> He's very good. Very good.
>> Okay. And so like do you does it do we want to reinvent a wheel that's rolling pretty well or do you feel like if that's what Anony's doing and he's pretty freaking good then okay maybe that's the standard that I am for. >> No, I think I think you're correct. So I think it's actually getting that commitment then >> yeah I think it's getting that otherwise it's pointless dude.
you might as well just not like you may as well like it's like um I don't know like you're baking a cake and you put most of the ingredients in and you're like ah that'll do and you put it in the oven and then you're like oh I wonder why that didn't come out the way it was supposed to like so yeah like if you if you commit and you go in like go for it and like it might not always work out the way that it's supposed to at least initially but the more that you try it on and the more that you get clear on exactly what responses that you need and
also making sure they're not just being agreeable with you. Um, you know, you get what you need, um, the more effective that will be. So, yeah, the the challenging or the uncomfortable part can be, especially if we identify that they haven't moved forward because of price and now we're looking to rehandle that and ensure that's not an objection again, is like it gets a bit uncomfortable.
There's some tension now in that in that moment and we we want to make sure we don't like our intention is right as in like my intention isn't to make sure you buy like that's not my intention. My intention is to help you to understand that like that way of thinking of allowing the price to have held you back in the past is exactly why you're still in this situation.
We're having this conversation today. So what I want to understand because otherwise there's no point in us continuing to have this conversation is that like let's suppose this ticks all of the boxes like you believe that this will actually help you to solve the problem you have and get you the outcome that you want like even if maybe money is a concern are you at least willing to put yourself in a resourceful state where you're willing to go cool this is what I need you know it's time to make a change this is what I need in order to facilitate that
change. Like I'm committed to finding a way to make it work. Because it's okay if we get to the end and you're like, "Hey, Max, like this sounds cool, but like I don't feel like this is for me." Like that's fine. We high five. We part ways. But like what I don't want for you is for us to kind of get to the end of this conversation and you're like, "Oh man, this is exactly what I need, but ah, you know, it's, you know, it's a lot of money again.
I guess I'll just stay exactly where I am because like that's doing you a disservice. That's not why I'm here." >> Yeah. I like that. Do you feel like >> Yeah, that's kind of how that's the energy that I carry. Can you Can you feel that though? Like my intention is like, "Hey, I'm here to help, but I don't give a I don't you know, I don't give two shits whether you whether you buy or not. Like, I want to help you.
" Can you can you see that? >> Yeah. Super authentic. >> Yeah. >> Do you do you feel like sometimes that triggers them to be like, "Well, well, what's what's the price?" And then it gets kind of goes down. >> Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, yeah. Look, and that's a fair question and like we'll certainly get to that, but but again, like my my question to you is like regardless of the price, are you at a point where like what do you sell, Max? Pause for a sec.
What do you sell? >> Yeah, so I do a health uh health uh I sell for um a health coach that does gut like coaching, gut health. >> Oh, okay. Easy, easy. Um yeah, so I'd go that line. Yeah, like that's a that's a fair question and I'm more than happy to go over the details with you. I suppose at this point though, my question to you is knowing that you've been in the situation you've been in for for 6 months now, like you're at a point where the bloating and and and the gut issues are are robbing you of of opportunities to make memories with your children and
do this and that. Like my question to you is like like how much longer are you willing to allow, you know, price and like what it costs to resolve that to hold you back? I like that >> because do you know what I mean? So yeah, I'm re what what am I doing with their focus? Because where is their focus in that question? How much does it cost? Where's their focus? >> Yeah.
It's just focused on price, not the actual result. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what am I doing? Where am I redirecting their focus? >> Yeah. The result. >> Yeah. But also the real problem. >> Yeah. >> Because they're looking at it like the real problem is the bloating or the gut issues or whatever. No, no, no. The real problem is you've known you've had this problem for however long and you've not got real help for it because you've allowed money to hold you back.
>> And like let's be honest, I know it's a bit crass, but like think about a crack addict. Do you know what I mean? Like what lengths is that human being willing to go to to get what it is that they want? Or like think of a mother and and I don't know their child's like trapped under something like suddenly they got superhuman strength like that's resourcefulness.
And so if you can shift the conversation away from uh like price and towards like helping them to see the real problem which has been how they like that they haven't been essentially valuing themsel enough and potentially even their family enough to look at this like an actual priority to look at as like a kind of nice.
Oh it to kind of be nice I'll see what it costs. It's like that's the real problem. So if you can help them to see that and you can create this like >> ah [ __ ] moment for them like they will buy and if they don't have the money they will find it they'll be like dude like just tell me what I need to do like can can I give you some money today cuz like I'm going to figure you know you you'll suddenly you'll be you'll have people like that at you if you can help them have that epiphany so to speak.
It's where people don't that just you just end up having with the same objections that you know held them back in the past you know like who they are today has got them where they are now. So we want that epiphany moment because then there's been this identity transition and now they can't look at the problem.
They can't look at themselves. They can't look at their life the same way and they will just they will act completely differently. >> Yeah. >> Okay. That >> I like that >> comes down to shifting that state from like where they are and what they're focusing on into solution focus, goal focus, future focus. >> Yeah.
Cuz right now what I'm doing is I Yeah, it helps. I'm putting them into two two categories. I'm like, hey, you know, kind of like cost versus investment. >> And they'll be like, yeah, I've been viewing my health as a cost. And it's like, okay, for you to get to where you want to be, do you feel like it'd be more beneficial to actually view it as like an investment so that way you can start feeling better XYZ? and they're like, "Yes.
" >> And then I go to commitment. They're committed to being that person. >> Get them >> start with the cost. It's like, "Yeah, like you're right. There is a cost. Like, can I ask you, you know, I mean, remind me how long has this been an issue for you? How long you've been struggling with this?" Okay.
And so, in the past 12 months, then like what has this cost you in terms of like like opportunities, experiences, memories, like what what what does it cost you? >> Okay. So, how you tell me how how much longer are you willing to pay that price? >> Okay. So, like either way, there's a price to pay.
You know what I mean? It's like it just comes down to which one you're willing to pay. You know, which one is it? >> Yeah. >> Why is that? Do you see what I mean? So, like get them to see that there's a cost either way. It's just because often times it's not monetary that they're not seeing it as a cost, but it's like what have you missed out on? >> Yeah, super helpful. Thank you so much.
>> Yeah, my pleasure. My pleasure. Um, all right. Um, Juan Carlos. >> Hey, Laura. >> Hey. >> Thank you. Um, so I I really like what when you shared a couple of months ago with with another coaching session, the the map of consciousness. And >> hey, pause for a sec. I'm really struggling with your audio.
Maybe it's because I'm in my 30s now, but like it's hard to hear you. >> Okay. Yeah, probably I'm I'm on the street. >> That's better. >> Just just stay right there. Don't move. Okay, go again. >> Okay, I'll be here. Um, so I I really like the map of consciousness that that you shared um last time that that we met.
And so >> I I guess my question is it's quite simple as as I as I saw it and understood it in a way u it has different tools right to to help um um help get the the the prospect to be to be more v vulnerable right drop their drop their defensiveness. And so if I think about how we we can integrate it for example with the frameworks that that we have whether the NPQ or the frameworks that that Matt teaches us.
>> Yeah. Would it be like say as we're following each of the stages of of a call or a conversation then the prospect uh gives an answer if we are familiar enough at that point to identify quickly okay this is like a guilty statement this how can I respond to that and then we move forward later maybe they're evolving to some apathy or some desire so is that is that how you start inserting those little responses >> without altering your framework >> that's that That's yeah, exactly.
So, you know, your your your framework. Think of your framework like whatever it is. Let's if it's NEPQ or I don't know, Cole Gordon, whatever it is, like think of that like your the the general route from one side of a battlefield to the other. It's like it's it's the clear path through the [snorts] minefield.
Do you know what I mean? And right, but like every now and then, depending on who we're speaking to, there might be a there might be a mine here. Okay. And what a lot of sales reps do is just go, "Oh, well, I always walk this way." And then just you just walk that way and you step on the mines.
You know what I mean? So, generally speaking, it's like that path is free of minds. But sometimes it's not. And so, to your point, what this is is a is a way to or something you can layer then into your process to where if we approach a mine and we're like, "Oh, okay. Interesting. I I I think that although I've walked this path before in this occasion, I think there's a mine here.
Like that's my way to uh to to change my path slightly to go around the mine and then back on to the path that I'm on. So a good example would be essentially what I just went over with Max, right? That's a that's an example where you you know those things that we say at that point in the conversation we might not say every single time because Max might have a conversation with somebody who like money hasn't hold them back.
He doesn't need to have that conversation. Yeah. Now I might have that conversation there and the tone that I use when I'm asking those questions and maybe helping them to see the cost. I might use quite a challenging tone because maybe I have a I'm working I'm speaking to some type of business professional who's bit more assertive, more sure of himself and I need to have a more challenging tone.
Maybe the tone I'm using now like okay well let's talk about cost for a second looking back what has this cost you like that's quite a challenging tone. Maybe I'm speaking with a like a single mom who's lacking like a lot of confidence and money is actually like a source of stress for example.
Then my tone might shift to like okay well I mean if we were to if we were to pause for a moment and and talk about cost like if you were to look back what like in your mind what what has this cost you? Do you see the difference? So that's another example of where like I'm adjusting that to best navigate that potential mine. All right.
I'm just going to mute you for a Oh no, it's gone. I don't know what's happening. A lot of rain or something. Um yeah, so to your point. Yes. And I'll share this I'll share my screen really quickly for anybody here who's like I've got no idea what these guys are talking about. Um screen um air window screen. One sec.
I'll just Does anyone here not know what I'm talking about by the way? Would it be helpful if I did a quick share of this? >> Yes. Let me know. Okay. When I can figure out how um I don't know why it's not showing up. Share window. And ah there we go. There we go. Screen anyway. Okay. Can you can you guys see that on how to file view? There we go.
>> Full screen. >> There you go. Can you see full screen? Hopefully. >> Yes. >> Tipping point courage. Okay. So, this is the map of consciousness by David R. Hawkins. Um, I would say that it is a like a personal development tool, so to speak. So I would highly or strongly recommend anybody here like read this.
It's it's you know you you can't it's very difficult to develop your emotional intelligence and to be able to read and influence others if you don't have high level of self-awareness yourself and you're not in a high level state yourself. So a couple things here. There's kind of two ends to the spectrum.
The first important rule is is never look at this like good or bad. Like for example, if my mother has just passed away, like it's perfectly appropriate for me to be in a state of grief. Like it would be a bit weird if I was um I don't know feeling joyful like unless I hated her. Do you know what I mean? Unless she was like a girl, right? um or if someone has wronged my if someone hurts my fiance like I'm angry like that's okay.
Do you know what I mean? So it's like it's not good or bad. It's more like is this state appropriate for the situation? Is it conducive to the action that we need this person to take? because every emotional state um has a a a typical behavior associated with it because our thoughts drive our emotions and it's our emotion emotions that drive our behavior.
So for example, fear like there's always a a tendency for humans to withdraw in a situation that is a source of like immense fear to remove ourselves from the situation. Like if I genuinely feel fear for my life, like it makes sense that I'm going to my that emotion is going to drive a like a habitual behavior, an automatic behavior to just get out of there.
Okay? That's why if you've ever been in a sales call and someone is really fearful, it feels like they just want to get out of there. The conversation doesn't feel productive. It feels like you're trying to help them and they're kind of like, I just I really I just I just need to go away. I just I just need to go away and think about it.
I just I just need time. You know what I mean? They're trying to remove themselves. And so, um, people will, [clears throat] a person's emotional state will fluctuate. Do you know what I mean? Like, you could be happy and then someone cuts you off in traffic and suddenly angry for a second, but then that passes.
It's like in a sales conversation, we influence a person's emotional state by the questions we ask. Like if any of you here have children and and I sat here and I asked you 20 30 questions and took you back into that moment that your first child was born and you held them and right like you're going to be thinking about that memory it's going to induce those emotions.
Do you know what I mean? And so like that's we're already regardless of whether you intend to or not just by asking people questions we're influencing their emotional state. Um, but what I need to do is like anybody who is below this line of courage down this lower end, I don't know if you guys can you see me my pointer, my little blue pointer >> or not.
>> Yeah. >> Yeah. Cool. So down here, this is the like these are all just the paradigm for these individuals is survival. And we can have a predominant emotional state in different areas of our life. So, for example, again, let's say I'm speaking to a really successful CEO. Yeah. Let's say I'm speaking to Matt, right? And we're talking about business and business growth.
He's going to be in a high level, like a high level state for sure. Okay. But let's say Matt's let his health go and he's really, really overweight and he's booked a call. He's like, "Right, going to get a PT, whatever." And that PT is having a conversation with him about his health and his fitness. He might he might be in a lowle state in that area of his life because he's really I don't know maybe he's disappointed in himself for letting himself go.
He you know what I mean? So like it it depends on it it can be attached to different areas of of of life, right? And so now the thing is because this is a survival paradigm like all that person is focused on is like keeping themselves safe. And so realistically all these lower level states are just different masks of fear.
Like a person who is angry is generally uh that's an outward projection of that emotion. But generally it's they're afraid of something. Do you know what I mean? Or pride. Like someone who's really maybe arrogant is there's a there's a mask on because they're they're trying to paint themselves in a certain light because maybe there's something that they're a little bit ashamed of or embarrassed about.
So they're they're um you know they're hyping up their their results, their achievements. Okay. So it's all just a mask for fear. It just shows up differently. And so when we can start to identify like you know I would say for example like when Max was sharing that that instance where I don't know maybe you've got someone who's like yeah yeah I looked into something but didn't move forward and you're like oh okay it's interesting like is there a reason you didn't and they're like oh yeah I mean it was just it was a lot of money.
Like that's quite an apathetic tone and quite apathetic language. Okay. That's kind of like you know oh it was too much money so oh well I guess this is my reality now. That's quite an apathetic state. You know, apathy is the abdication of power and responsibility as in ah not my nothing I can do about it. Okay.
So that conversation that I shared with with Max to have about like you know looking at at at it differently redirecting their focus from price to to to to what it's actually cost them and that kind of thing. What we're aiming to do is to shift this person's thoughts about that situation to therefore influence their emotions and move them more into this high level state.
So do you remember when Max I said I suggested we ask like you know the real question is is regardless of what it costs like you actually willing to put yourself in a resourceful state. Remember that >> willing. >> Yeah. Yeah. This is a really good and if you notice guys like there's a quite a number of questions that we'll often ask that have the word willing in it or some word that's like willing.
So where I'm trying to aim for is like shifting this person up here and if you can get them up here and we kind of anchor them in that state of willingness. So if Max does a really good job in that section, this person has that moment and goes like you're right. I haven't thought of it that way. And yeah, no, I'm I'm I'm willing to be resourceful.
I'm no longer willing to settle for this anymore. Like I have to do something about it or they take responsibility. They go, "Yeah, okay. I see that this isn't co's fault or whatever, right? It's my it's on me. Acceptance like and we can anchor them in this state." Guys, this is where you don't get objections, okay? You might get a little spike of fear, right? And the what that looks like will be like, oh man, this is exactly what I need and I really want to do it, but like ah I've just I've got a ton of like outgoings coming up. Uh and
you and it's like, you know, it's like kind of like there's a devil and an angel on their shoulder. Yeah, that's a good thing, right? That's still great because like all you have to do is just ask some questions and and steer them more towards that willingness and the angel on their shoulder will win. Okay.
Um if you don't anchor them up here in these states then you won't just get a fear spike you will get a shift to fear and now you've got work to do. Now you've got work to do in objection handling. Okay. So, a lot of this is like essentially we can't and not if you were to ask somebody what's your emotional state, most people couldn't tell you anyway, right? Um, and then the one of the the the definitions I suppose of these surv the survival paradigm is like a lack of self-awareness.
So, you know, no one in these low-level states is going to be very good necessarily at saying like I'm fearful or I'm apathetic or I'm prideful. You know what I mean? They they often times they will justify and rationalize and if you're not careful they'll convince you that they're actually in a high level state when they're not.
For example, desire can look a lot like willingness but you'll get a mad big fear of commitment if you don't shift them out of desire. Um right and so like what we want to be able to do is like internal uh like external is always a reflection of internal. So the way that a person is communicating, the words that they use, the energy behind the words, so their tone, body language as well, um all of that that's behavior that is external.
And remember what I said earlier, what drives behavior, thoughts which drive emotions, thoughts and emotions are internal. So essentially, if we can get good, we can get good at understanding like okay, what does what does apathy look like? What does it sound like in terms of language and tone? Then as we're listening to people, we can identify ah apathy.
And now I know much like the the um you know the the the minefield analogy that I used. That's where we can put kind of put the brakes on and we understand what what conversation that we need to have. We can also understand how to most effectively communicate with a person in that state.
Because for example, if I go in very challenging with a person who's in anger, how well is that going to work out? You know, not real well. Okay. So, um or someone who's in fear, what they're looking for is safety and security. So, I want to use a more nurturing tone. Um someone who's in pride, like I kind of need to meet them where they're at.
Like, if I'm if I don't use a more assertive or challenging tone, I'm not a dick, but if I don't hold my own, they'll just eat you up alive. They won't they won't hear you. they won't respect you. Okay, I'm not going to beat them down. That's certainly a tactic that a lot of sales trainers out there use and you can do that.
Um, you can force somebody to do something, but it is not as powerful or impactful as as just kind of, you know, going this way about it, so to speak. So, so guys, the aim is to shift people into this state. And if you just have in your mind, even if you just get really good at going like, well, what does willingness sound like? and look like? What does it feel like when I'm talking to this person? Like that's a really good sign.
Even courage, like courage is the tipping point. It's the first point that someone will will buy, will move forward. Courage is being afraid, but doing it anyway. So, they're afraid, but there's a desire to to to change that. And, you know, I mean, it can go either way if you're not good at recognizing they're encouraged because they can the devil can win.
They can slip back into fear and that will win. But if you're good at recognizing that they're encouraged and you can anchor them in courage, then they'll feel afraid and do it anyway. Does that make sense, guys? >> Yeah. So, like I was saying, this is really a personal development tool and I'd strongly recommend that all of you read it and study it because it's it's very helpful for you personally.
And like the the point here is that a sales rep who is showing up to sales calls in a survival paradigm where like for example we desire to make the sale for the money or we desire it so that we can post a sale in Slack so we can be top of the leaderboard like or a sales rep showing up in pride where you're looking at it like beating this person you know like I'm better than them and you know look at them they're fat and unwell and whatever and I'm better than them.
Like you can't shift somebody from a lowle state to a high level state if you're in a lowle state. So then the most important thing above everything else is the state that you show up to a call in. And the best place to start is always just neutrality. Like I'm here to help but you know I mean whether you move forward or not my last G. I'm sweet.
I'm just like I'm just here to help. And then as the conversation progresses and they lower their guard, they they start to, you know, we start to connect with them and open up, then we can shift more into a state of like willingness and and and you know, moving moving them forward like that.
But that's the most important part. So here their focus is always just on survival and so their any of the behavior will be some version of like trying to keep themselves where they are right now, not changing. That's that's what this is synonymous with resistance. So you always get resistance. As soon as you encounter any kind of resistance, you just know you know. All right, cool.
Lowle state. Make sense? >> Is this in a book? Where did you say we can find this? Laura? >> Um, yes. So it is in a book. There's Yeah, there's a there's a book on it. It's by David R. Hawkins. Um, and like I said, it's a personal development tool. what I have done and am doing is like I've essentially um uh like turning this into a sales tool because this is just what I've would say my strength has always been is being able to read people and I did a presentation recently um and decided to talk on emotional intelligence and I remembered this and I
was like well that's a great way for me to be able to rather than make something like that's a really great tool for me to be able to use to then, you know, apply through a sales lens. So, I just spent months like psychoanalyzing myself and going, "Cool, how do we apply this to sales?" Um, so yeah, there's level there's a few different ones.
There's actually another guy, too. I forget his name. Someone else might know it. He did an um Dodson Dodson. Can't remember his first name now. >> Is this uh Power versus Sports? >> Yes. Yes. What's his name again? >> I have no idea. Yeah, you got you're you're in the ballpark. >> Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So, there's there's David R. Hawkins. There's there's Oh, is it Frederick? Yeah, Frederick Dodson. >> Yeah. >> So, yeah. And and again, like mostly personal development tools like I would say, but you know, read them, read the summaries of them, etc. Um, but I'm starting to to build out some tools and things like that.
And then obviously that's what I'm running these calls. So, again, I can help you guys with anything. Um, but if you guys really want to develop your emotional intelligence, I would say that it's really good once you've got your kind of basic structure down. So, Max, I'll just pick on you again. Max is kind of like he's got his structure, he's got his framework, he's pretty decent at like, cool, how do I walk from one side of the minefield to the other? This is where you then add that layer on top of like, cool, how do I how do I how do I
navigate um you know like how do I how do I have the most effective conversation with this individual in front of me? Um and then that's where you know that's where you'll see mad close rates like 85% 90% like I've seen um you know no more skill. It's more just being very good at your process your structure and then the layering of um of that on top. Okay.
Um All right. So that's that's a side quest from me. Um but who who one Carlos did that answer your question? I hope. >> Yes, it did. Thank thank you Laura. >> Okay. Yeah, my pleasure. So >> yeah. Um last time you were showing us like which kind of questions apply to guys to to align right the the emotion with the with how to handle the the statements or responses from from them.
And I was thinking like yeah I should probably maybe I would like to build some flash cards and to have my have them more handy. Right. Uh >> well what what do you what do you sell? What do you sell? >> Insurance. Life insurance and financial. >> Yeah. So what what you want to do guys as well is like you don't need to know all of them.
Like much like with your objections, every offer has its kind of core most common objections, right? It's the same with offers, they often have a very core uh like core range of like emotional states that you'll encounter people in. So depending on what you sell, so I would say for example like like any kind of insurance, you're you're likely to encounter a number of people who may be in a in a state of apathy when it comes to that area of their life because it's because it's not solving it's not necessarily solving a problem now. It is
about preventing a hypothetical problem in the future. and anything that is hypothetical and in the future there's an emotional detachment from it. Okay, it's kind of like I I'll cross that bridge when I get to it. So, the greatest challenge that we have is something like insurance is I need to get them to experience that now.
I need to make that feel real now so that it's not like there's no apathy anymore. It's like a oh [ __ ] I have to do something. Okay. Um, if anyone sells any kind of offer that has anything to do with anxiety, like Max for example, a lot of times people with gut issues will have um like anxiety.
You know, gut anxiety go hand in hand. If you're ever encountering somebody with anxiety, just know you're going to get a fear objection. That's literally the definition of anxiety. Like what if, what if, what if, what if. So if you are not identifying that and using that as an opportunity to pro prevent a fear objection, that is just the biggest wasted opportunity ever.
If you're in any kind of offer with ADHD people, we procrastinate. Pull that out of us. Pre-handle that. Right? So it's like if you can think about your offer and think about how how people may be feeling about that area of their life, how they might be looking at that area of their life, then you can understand what the most common emotional states are that you'll encounter and then you can just much like objections just focus one at a time.
You can just you can just there might be some things that you include in your process moving forward that are just like non-negotiable. For example, when I was on a a health-based offer and it did help there was a number of men that reached out with anxiety. Anytime I got in a call with a guy and I immediately recognized there was anxiety always.
Well, hey man, I just want to say real quick like kudos to you. you know, since you're like a little bit nervous being here, like I mean, that's what you've said and like I just think it's really cool that you've opted to take the steps to book a call to get, you know, to to actually look to get some help because there's a lot of guys who feel exactly the same way and and and you know, in your opinion, like what do they do? Yeah.
They just like let the anxiety, they let the the nerves hold them back and I mean, where do they end up? Yeah, exactly. So, I just want to say like it's really cool having a conversation with someone like yourself who like in spite of being a little bit nervous or a little bit hesitant like you're here and you're having this conversation.
I mean that's the definition of courage. You know what I mean? And I just anchor them immediately. See what I mean? So, all right. I'll jump to the next Triton. You got your hand up. How can I help? >> Hey, how's it going? Um, so I have a question about I guess showing empathy whenever someone gives you bad news. Um, that that's always been something that I've struggled with >> and I don't know.
You >> a sociopath? >> I'm just kidding. >> No, I I don't think so. But [laughter] >> what do you say? What do you say? >> Um, fitness. >> Yeah. Give me an example of bad news. >> Um, my dad had a heart attack. Oh, look, I'm I'm I'm sorry to hear that. Can I um can I ask like like what like when was that? What what what effect did that have on you? Like do you feel like in any way? You know what I mean? Like I mean I don't have any more context in the conversation, but this is a health-based conversation and so I
don't know. Are they sharing that because maybe you're asking like like has something happened recently? What's caused you to feel like it might be, >> you know, it might be time to to to prioritize your health? like you asking something like that and that's why they're sharing it or or or in you know maybe if you can think back to when someone said that what was the context and I can give you an example of what I would do.
>> Yeah. I mean like the context the question that I'd ask before would usually be like like what caused you to feel like you needed to change something about this now? >> Okay, perfect. So it's like they're like oh well you know my dad had a heart attack. It's as simple as like you don't have to be get all weird about it.
It's just like, >> you know, well, I mean, trait, I'm like, I'm I'm I'm sorry to like I'm sorry to hear that. Um, can I ask like when like when was that? Let's role play. When when was that? >> Uh, uh, it was about last year. >> Last year. And I mean, like, I don't want to assume anything. I imagine that was tough.
Like, what like what what what impact did that have on on you? you know, it's just um it just made me feel like that could possibly happen to me, you know, because I haven't been taking care of my my health recently. And >> yeah. Okay. And like what can I ask like what is it about um I mean, no one wants to have a heart attack, but I just I mean, for you personally, what is it about the the thought that like, oh man, like something like that might happen to me.
What What is it about that that that concerns you? >> Well, man, I I want to stay, you know, around for like my kids. >> Yeah. Wow. Okay. How How old are your kids? >> Um I mean they're they're all grown now. I mean they're they're in their you know late 30s. >> Your baby though says anyway, right? Okay. So like why like if they're all grown now then? Like what's the reason that it's important to you to be around for them? >> Well, I just you know I know what it felt like you know to lose my parents and you know I want to be here.
It was hard, you know. >> Why? >> Because it, >> you know, it's just, you know, losing somebody. >> Yeah. Well, kudos to you, man, for you know, putting putting yourself in a position where like you're you're willing to do maybe the hard the unnecessary things to get the help you feel you need to ensure that your kids don't have to experience that hurt themselves, that that hurt of losing you.
they don't have to go through that hard because rather than just like kicking the can down the road like like a lot of guys do, you know, cuz I mean no one wants to think about it, but inevitably like something will happen, you know, rather than kicking the can down the road like that. Like good on you for looking at it like, well, you know, it's it's it's it's on me, you know, like to own this and and to do something about it.
Like that's just it's really cool to have a conversation with someone who who wants to be proactive um like that. Do do you know what I mean? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And so I mean can I ask because uh you know I mean there's a difference between like saying that that it's time to prioritize our health and and do the things we need to do and actually doing them.
Do you know what I mean? like like what's what's really driving the need for you at this point to get some help to get healthy rather than just like um uh I don't know maybe just like start thinking about it now and do something one day maybe you know what I mean like why now >> um we can pull up there Yeah. I I mean, >> yeah, that I mean, that's really good.
I I don't know. I just I have a hard time with with that. I mean, even coming up with that how how they'd be feeling. I I don't know. I just can't >> Yeah. >> understand. >> Okay. So, I would if I could make a recommendation, like I mean, I feel like studying the like having a look through those resources that I've suggested would be helpful for you.
Like not to put you on the spot here, but would you describe yourself as like an emotional guy? You're in tune with your emotions. Or maybe you are in tune with your emotions, but keeping it to yourself. Like, how would you describe yourself? >> Yeah. I mean, I I I would say that, you know, I'm I'm an emotional person that I'm pretty aware of my emotions.
I >> Yeah. I I think the biggest thing for me is that I I typically like in my in my even in my own personal life, you know, when I >> something bad happens, I'm just like, well, that's just the way the world is, you know, and I >> just kind of move past it. And um >> so then I would say like just it's just just a practice thing.
Do you know what I mean? Like like I would say that um you know um at least initially when we start having sales conversations, do you know what I mean? there. Sometimes they're quite personal. They're quite emotional. Like, you know, I've probably had more emotional conversations with random strangers on the internet than I've had with like a lot of my friends and family.
And like at least initially, it is just a little bit like, you know, maybe we don't know how to navigate it. Um, I would say the empathy piece like don't overcook it. It's just like a oh, like I'm like I'm really sorry to hear that. Thank you for sharing that with me. I don't know if that's something that you share with people all too often.
um what what what impact did that have on you? What's like what was it about having gone through that that's causing you to maybe view your health differently? And you can just script it out, too. So, because it doesn't really matter if someone says like, "Oh, my dad had a heart attack or my brother had a stroke or my sister has diabetes.
" Like, you can just approach it the exact same way. Do you know what I mean? And so if that's something that you're encountering often like just just script it out and you know and that like you don't have to come up with something >> different on the spot. You don't have to like sometimes we we feel obliged to be like you know I mean in that in the context that you shared it's appropriate. Yeah.
But I don't have to go too much down the line of like oh man like you know I'm sorry to hear that. It's just kind of like I can empathize like I'm sorry to hear that. I can thank them for sharing that with me because it is it's openness which is willingness high level state. So I I want more of that like thank you for being so open and honest with me.
If they're someone who's a little bit more unconfident I can maybe add on like um you know uh you know takes some like I imagine it takes a little bit of courage to share that like I don't know if that's something it doesn't seem to me like that's something you maybe share all all too often like thank you for sharing that with me.
is a good opportunity to build some really solid rapport but then I can just move on just redirect it back like it fits the context of the conversation. Um you know I would say that if it's like the start of the call and any of you are still don't do this but being like oh how are you today? And they're like oh man I had the worst day ever.
Then we can sometimes feel obligated to be like oh uh what what what happened and you just we end up talking about nothing burgers. Don't don't do that. But even then, you can just be like, "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." Like, uh, you know, I mean, hopefully chatting to me today makes it better.
You know what I mean? And then I can move on. Like, you don't have to get caught in the weeds, but like I don't I think you're overthinking it a little bit, too, Dr. It's just like, "Oh, man. Sorry to hear that. Thanks. Thanks for sharing that with me." Um, you know, what is it about that that makes you want to do something about your health? Why? How come? That's it. And that's their reason.
That's really good. But if you're getting responses like that, that's really good because now you're having an identity conversation, you know, like what is it about having gone through that like you know, and I mean it might be like an obvious question. No one wants to have a heart attack, right? But like I mean for you personally, what what is it about that that you want to avoid? Why? >> Cuz like there's plenty of people out there who are unhealthy and at heart attack risks on a daily basis.
They're doing sweet f all about their health. So how come you don't want to just be like that? Oh well for my kids. What about them? I want to be around for them. Like why? There's plenty of dads that aren't. Do you know what I mean? I always heir on because we make a lot of assumptions in sales.
I always heir on the fact that like there's always someone. Nothing's obvious. Assume nothing. Yeah. I could be like, "Oh, why do you want to be around for your kids?" And they're like, "Oh, well, isn't it obvious?" It's like, "Well, I mean, there's plenty of dads out there that aren't." And they're kind of like, "Oh, oh, I guess you're right.
" So now it's not a stupid question anymore, is it? So me saying like why don't you want to have a heart attack at face value silly question but it's like there are plenty of people out there who I don't know maybe earlier today you got told by a doctor or you need to sort your health out you're going to die of a heart attack and they just like walk out of the office walk out of the doctor's office and go straight to McDonald's.
Do you know what I mean? So like how come that experience has caused you to actually want to do something when people have experiences like that every day and do nothing? How come? That's interesting to me. Do you see what I mean? >> Yeah, I see what you mean. That makes that makes a lot of sense. >> Yeah, for sure.
>> And that's how you can ask every obvious question that there is and it's not obvious anymore. It's just like master your assumptions and help them to master them as well because they might be assuming like, "Oh, well, isn't that what everyone would do?" Surprisingly, no, it's not. >> Yeah.
I was thinking it was a lot more complicated than than it actually was. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. That's most of what getting sales better at sales is is like over complicating things, right? But just don't over complicate it, dude. And if it's something that's just not coming quite naturally to you yet, like I suggested, just >> just script it out a little bit and then you're sweet.
You can just have the exact kind of same conversation every single time and you can take what you're overthinking and what feels a little bit complicated and just make it easy. >> That's perfect. Thank you. >> Go nail it. You got this. Um All right. Uh, is it Lucio? Lucio. Sorry, I probably butchered that. You there? Lucio. Lucio.
>> Yeah. Can you hear me now? >> Yes, I can. How can I help? >> Yeah, I was saying. Yeah, it's Lucio. Perfect. Much like to say Lucio just to mess with me, but that's okay. Uh, >> so Lucio, is it Lucio? >> Lucio. Perfect. >> Lucier. Okay. Good to meet you. How can I help? >> Pleasure. Yeah.
First, uh thank you for the time and experience for sharing. Uh one >> now uh I wanted to do two little questions. Uh first, how would you take how would you abroad aboard uh a couple that for example, it happened to me last week that I had a person that was going through multiple surgeries that was going through overweight, had multiple different medication, like 15.
And she like you could tell in her voice that she was desperate. She was in a path that she didn't feel good >> with. And she throughout the the pitch and the questions and the presentation of the solution, she was just going, "Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you." >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> No, the price was the difficult part.
You know, uh >> I'm with coaches with Kaden from Gel, but it's also, you know, John Payne, blah blah blah. Yeah. >> And the husband was the one that took over when the price was there. >> And the husband definitely wanted to to help and like it was a good call. He ended up thanking me for my time, for my work.
Y >> but he couldn't move forward because of price and it was definitely fear. >> Okay. So couple couple things here like so with couples, if you're ever speaking to a couple, you have to figure out really quickly who needs to be sold. So if we spend all our time on that on the woman for example, she's sold. Okay.
Although there is something to that that I will add. Um but like if I spent all my time kind of having a conversation with her, >> then I'm going to encounter what you encountered, which is like I didn't sell the person that actually needed selling. And so what I need to make sure that I do is like if I recognize that there's someone on the call like that that Yeah.
that really wants it. The other is a bit more closed off, more reserved, etc. It's like I need to make sure that I involve them in the conversation. And there's a couple of ways I'm going to do that. I want to ask I can ask them questions directly. So like I don't know maybe the lady the lady sharing how this has affected her or what have you.
You can ask like um you know John I mean from your perspective like how how have you noticed Mary's health impact her the worst you know well what what what effect if any has this maybe had on on like on your relationship or or seeing Mary struggle with XYZ like how like how is that causing you to feel so and I want to involve and get that person opened up. Okay.
And then the other aspect of it is is get have like Mary for example, Mary sell him. Yeah. Where Mary might share how she's feeling and and again it's kind of like and John like how how does it like have you heard Mary like say that before? How does it feel hearing her to her to say that? >> You know man, you must be I mean you you and I can do things as well like kudos to you for being here.
Do you know what I mean? The fact that you're here having this conversation with Mary, I mean, that says a lot about you as a husband, like that that tells me that uh, you know, I I mean, you're here because you you want you want Mary to be in the best position to be able to to resolve this to to better her health.
Like, it's really cool to have a a conversation with um, you know, I mean, typically I'm speaking with just like individuals and their their partners over there going, "Ah, look into it and yeah, maybe we'll do something." But like it's really cool that you're actually here. It tells me that you really really want Mary to get help with this.
>> Yeah. >> Like that's cool. Like have you and you can ask like have you always been that kind of husband or like where where does that where does that desire to make sure Mary gets the help she needs? Like where does that come from? He's going to sell himself now on being that kind of husband. >> Okay.
What that does then is it is is he's less likely to resist at the end because it creates inongruence. If he buys in on being that kind of husband, he's much less likely to be the opposite of that at the end of the call. It's going to feel inongruent, and humans do not like being in congruent. >> Mhm. >> Would you do it outbound, not inbound? >> Pardon? >> Would you do it even if you are outbounding like calling them out of nowhere? >> Yeah. Yeah, you still can.
Like it it I mean it depends. I would just I would alter the language depending on the context of the conversation, you know, like [clears throat] even if it's if it is if it is outbound and maybe Mary wasn't expecting this call and John happens to be there and and you know, he's part of the conversation, like I I could still say that, you know, I would be I could still just I could just alter my language to be like, um, John, I just want to say real quick as well, it's cool that you know, I don't know, I'm sure you're in the middle of something
when I called, right? It's cool that you've kind of stopped what you're doing and and and you know, you've joined Mary for the conversation. Like that says a lot about you. So, do you see what I mean? I can just alter what I say to match the context of like the conversation. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. Yeah. Perfect sense.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, those are the key lessons there for talking to couples. >> Yeah. Yeah. And it's super helpful. Uh, by the way, really because it was crazy. It was a very good call and um >> it was only about logistical and I tried to nail it down as much as you could and like they wanted to do it but there was something and it's the fear which is quite the second question that I wanted to do.
How do you because in my offer I'm working with a lot of senior citizens and people in the development and things like that >> there's a lot of fear on actually commanding to something financially. So how do you do it downstream instead of upstream? Well, like I mean it depends. It's like um I always just try to understand like fear of what you know like like is it is it fear of well if we put the money into this like are we going to be able to keep a roof over our head or pay our bills or is it if we put the money into this is it like something
unknown might come around the corner we might not have the funds for it like usually it's it's you so I want to understand like you know is it that the money's there and they're afraid to use it is it that the money isn't isn't there, but also if it there's some there and they're afraid to use that.
Like you just got to just like I think a lot of us just tiptoe around a lot and it it's just a starting with like well hey like I appreciate you being like open and honest with me about you know your financial financial situation and like just so you're aware like it's super common. Do you know what I mean? like um I speak to 30 40 people every week in exactly the same position, you know, like people we we we help are are people just like you.
Do you know what I mean? So yeah. So first thing I do is always like normalize it. I don't want I won't uh you know if I if I sh I can if I share the screen my screen really quickly again. Um I don't want shame. Shame is a very very guys very unproductive emotion. >> Yeah. Um, I can't figure out how to share my screen again. >> But yeah, so like Yeah.
So I normalize that because I don't want that getting in the way. I want them to be like, "Oh, okay, cool. No big deal." Um, and then the next stage for that is is just ask the questions. You know what I mean? Is it like, "Can you know, can I ask?" Because like I I want to help if I can. Is it more a case of the Make sure you tie it value obviously, you know? Like, can I ask, you know, like money aside, like if that like if that wasn't a concern, would you do it? And I'm looking for emphatic yes. Like, oh, for sure.
Yeah, absolutely. Like, we would like you know what I mean? Get that out of the way. And then from there, it's like, okay, I mean, c can I ask like, is it is it more because I want to help. Is is it more a case of the like the money's there, but you're just feeling a little bit like it' leave you a bit tight? you know, you're just a bit bit feeling a little bit uncertain about the finances or is it more a case of >> it's not all there or is it a case of like just none of it's there like what can you just help me to understand the
situation I guess like just as it is as it is no judgment >> from me just to see if I can help >> okay just just make them feel comfortable to like lay their cards out okay like you're like look you know whether you do this or not isn't my concern like I just I want to help, you know what I mean? Um, right.
And and and once they lay their cards out, then it's just it's just a solving of of problem, you know what I mean? And if there is fear there, it's like, well, hey, like I totally get it, you know what I mean? Can I just so I understand like what's behind the fear or what's behind the certainty uncertainty like what are you worried about? Okay.
And if it's like, oh, oh, what if something, you know, I don't know, like something comes up and we need money for it or this or that, it's kind of like I just I just want to then help them to see that like, yeah, I mean, that could happen. Do you know do you know what I mean? But like I guess that you know often times regardless like the fear is going to be there because I mean, have you considered like I mean what if Mary does nothing about this? Like what might be around the corner then? you know, like and and and where might that leave you guys? Like
those kinds of medical expenses or, you know, I mean, God forbid, no one wants to talk about it, but like it's a it's a reality. Like what if something worse happens? And now you're looking back going, man, like we could have done something, but like we didn't because, you know, we wanted to make sure that the creditors were paid or the utility company was paid. Like screw them, man.
This is your life, you know? Like and so like I don't want to take away that the fact that like it is a little bit scary. I I get it. I can see that and and and I can empathize with that. But like at the end of the day like you know this is your you know your quality of life that we're talking about you know is this is this really >> how you want to live out the rest of your years like feeling like this is you know you want to live out the rest of your years John seeing Mary like this like is this the the quality of the
relationship that you guys like want you know what I mean and just just I think when there's fear there helping them to realize that like there's always something to be afraid of. Um, and it can be fear of like unexpected expenses or this or that. It could be fear though as well of like losing his life partner or of something worse happening and like now she's got zero quality.
Like you know what I mean? It's like sometimes you just got to choose what to be afraid of. So sometimes I just when I can get an understanding what the person's afraid of, it's just about helping them to realize that the fear is going to be there either way and they just get to decide like like what to be more afraid of.
Do you know what I mean? and and and also sometimes the extrapolating it out. So being like, "All right, look, suppose something came around the corner, like what would you do?" >> Have there been times where something unexpected happened expense wise? Like what happened? Okay. I mean, you're still here now. So, seems like you figured it out like you you did all right.
And helping them to see like, huh? Oh, yeah. Okay. I guess like we have navigated situations like this before. And it's kind of like, all right. I mean, if you've navigated situations like that before, is there any reason why you couldn't navigate that again? Should it happen? And they're like, huh, I guess, yeah, no, I I guess that's true.
Like, all right, sweet. Like, you know, at the end of the day, I can walk out my front door tomorrow and get hit by a bus. There's no guarantees in life. Just about putting yourself in the absolute best position, get the outcomes you want to have the quality of life that you want. like you know it just comes down to like what do you what do you want what's more important does that help super super helpful uh the main takeaways that it took is shift the perspective on the bills that are actually valuable that are the most important normalize the fear to kill the
>> and and problem problem solve it with them you know if it is a real life expense it's like okay cool how can we figure this out how can we find a way to where like we can do both. You know, I've had conversations with people where one of the reasons was like, "Oh, I've got this utilities." Brandon, don't.
By the way, don't don't bounce if you don't have to cuz I'll get to you in a sec, but like I've had situations with like, "Oh, I've got this utilities bills and and and a creditor and this and that." I connected her with someone in in health insurance to get her a better deal on her insurance.
I encouraged her to contact the creditor because I was like, "You're freaking 65. Like, what's the worst that happens if you're missing credit card payments? Do you know what I mean? Like, what would you rather? Like, your credit cards paid on time or like you can tie up your shoelaces again. You can go out with friends again.
" And she's like, "Oh, much rather that." It's like, "Sweet. So, call them and just be like, "I'm in financial hardship. Like, give me a month." you know, like >> there's a lot of laws in place with things like that where they if someone's like, I'm struggling, you know, they can't be complete [ __ ] And so, yeah, I encouraged her to call them and like >> buy some time on a couple of those things.
And she did it and, you know, got in. Look, at the end of the day, it just comes down to then how badly the person wants it. Do you know what I mean? Like, you can't force someone to want it. Sometimes people just go, "It's all too hard." And you know, but if you've got someone that is like, >> "I'm in." It's like, "Sweet. Do you want to figure this out together?" And you just take the time and you figure it out with them.
And yeah, it's really cool when that happens. >> Yeah. >> But not everyone. It's not going to work for everyone. Some people are just they just want to stay where they are, >> you know? We're not here. >> You can tell everyone. >> You can here to facilitate change, not force change, you know. Um All right. I got to bounce.
Lucia, I hope you got what you needed. Brandon, I appreciate your patience. >> Thank you. >> How can I help, Brandon? >> Hey, how's it going? Um, so my sales process is a little bit different than a lot of what you guys do on training. So, that's why I signed up to see if I could possibly get some different help. >> Um, so my I have two leads.
One, we go and door knock and the door knockers go set the appointment for me. I show up. Nine times out of 10, they don't think they have a problem. I sell pest control installation. So, I try to diffuse them at the beginning and just say, "Hey, yeah, there's I'm not expecting to find anything.
If I do, I'll take some pictures and show you." When I come down and trying to do the problem awareness aspect of it, it's there's like, "Well, yeah, you just told me this problem. I I don't know if it's a problem I got to deal with." >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I can help you out with this. All right. So, what what you need to do first is like whatever inspection you do will will give you the foundation for an effective problem awareness.
So at the beginning of your problem awareness, it's just going to be more like what have you guys noticed if anything? Have you have you noticed anything? Is any of your neighbors mention like they've noticed anything? And and it might be kind of pretty dead end. I might be like, "Nope, not much." Like, "Okay, cool.
Well, good to hear. I don't really expect that I'll find anything. So, if you can give me like 10, 15, what I'll do is I'll kind of like crawl around, get my knees dirty, have a look around, and and like again, not expecting to find anything, but if I do, like I said, I'll take some pictures and and I'll show you.
Um and um you know and and penning all is good. We can high five. We can part ways. If not like I can just kind of walk you through what I find. You go do your thing. And now all right now is where it gets good. Like you know sit down whatever it is that you do. And it's like so um now I I don't want to concern you right like like it makes sense that you guys haven't noticed anything.
Um but I was just like poking around a bit. There are a couple things that I've noticed I just feel like you might want to be like aware of. Do you want me to kind of walk you through like what I've seen? Okay. Now, it's going to be like kind of education mixed with problem awareness. So, it might be like Yeah.
So, like see this photo here with this kind of like, >> you know, face. You don't notice anything like bit of a bit of a trail. Like, have you guys seen that before? Ah, you haven't. Do you know what that's from? >> Ah, you don't. Okay. So, what that's from is is this, you know? Do you know much about that kind of ant at all? Oh, you don't? Do you want me to tell you a little bit about them and and like you know why it might be worth knowing about them? >> Okay, cool.
Those ants do is is they're super sneaky. You know, they do this this and not such a big deal like initially, but like over time and then there's more of them. What that can lead to is this. Does anyone mention that to you? Oh no. Okay. So knowing that like are you like I mean how do you feel sort of knowing that? Oh well yeah I mean that is a bit concerning.
Um, oh, is it why is that? What is what is it about that I can see see what we're doing? So, yeah, don't be afraid because remember they're not problem aware. So, problem awareness >> like think about it. It's problem awareness. So, if there's no problem awareness, problem awareness is going to fall pretty flat.
So, what you're doing is you're like, think of yourself like a marketing ad. Okay, I'm fat and I'm scrolling Facebook and then I see an ad that's like, "Are you overweight and you're unhappy and you hate yourself and all?" And I'm like, >> "Oh my god, that's me. You're the ad, right?" But you're going to go away and it's personalized ad to them and now you're coming back with the marketing ad >> and you're making them problem aare.
Okay, so now once you make them problem aware, the next step is like all you have to figure out is like, "All right, well, like if it's not a problem to them, it's not a problem." So that's why I'm starting to ask questions about how do you feel about that? Does that like does that concern you or are you just like not really too Oh, it does concern you. Why is that? Okay.
So now I'm I want to understand now I've made you aware of this problem. How do you feel about it? Do you want to do something about it? And then you G from there. So don't move on from problem awareness >> until you get a sense that like they give a [ __ ] >> Yeah. >> Where they're like, oh yeah, man. Like actually I Yeah. Damn.
Actually, now that you mentioned that, I didn't notice that, but I just didn't think much of it. >> Like, oh yeah, okay. Right. And now we're create. Yeah. We're manufacturing something. And once you get that sense of they do give a [ __ ] they care. Right. Now you can now you now it's kind of like a I don't know what I personally might do is some kind of permission where it's like all right well you know I mean now that you're aware of it and and it seems to me like like you care you know like do would it be helpful if uh maybe I just kind of caught you
through some possible ways that we might be able to like eradicate the air so you guys don't end up with like any kind of like structural damage that's going to cost you guys an arm and a leg kind of down the track. Like, would that be helpful if I, you know, uh, yeah, I've got a bit of time between next appointment.
Would that help you if I if I kind of did that for you? Like, okay, sweet. That's what I would do. >> Love it. >> Cuz then, cuz then they're leaning in. Then they're going to be like, oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Yeah, you got the time. Yeah. Like, well, yeah. Can you Yeah. Tell us like what do you guys normally do in in this kind of instance? >> Yeah.
I think that little adjustment is going to make a huge difference because I when I first got trained, now I train everyone. Um, they come down and they just throw up on the customer. Yeah, you got this trail right here. And it's all like fear, fear, fear. I noticed that the customer like you're just trying to scare me. So I stop and and what I do is I come down like yeah you have some concerning things going on the you got somewhere we can sit down but you're saying don't do that.
You're saying frame it >> I am I'm saying do it but I'm saying like don't lean in so hard because if I'm like think about it at a bar like if you're leaning in real hard on a on a on a gal or a guy I don't care right? You know you lean in real hard in on someone what are they doing? They're like they're leaning out.
>> They're like right. So, but what what what happens like what happens if you lean out? It's like, you know, there's that joke that girls love [ __ ] and whatever. It's just like they lean out. So, we lean in. Yeah. So, you just like you just lean out more where it's like same thing where they rock up and they're like, "Oh, no.
We've got no issues." It's like, "Oh, yeah." You know, like I wouldn't expect that you that you would. >> And they're like, "Oh." Or it's like um or it might be like, "No, I don't have to." You know, [clears throat] I don't know. Maybe you guys just aren't too concerned about the ants or like whatever. Maybe you know what I mean.
like but but if it would help I can you know I've got a little bit of time before next appointment I can walk you through some ways you might be able to fix it I don't know it's up to you though you're leaning out and and so then they're going to lean in more where they're like oh yeah okay well yeah yeah we would maybe want to hear about that oh okay are you sure I don't have to like and they're like no no yeah that would be good okay if you're sure yeah just lean out more and people will lean into you >> yeah yeah I love it
>> and have have fun like like make people laugh like People want to talk to people that they like where they're like, I like this guy. He's funny. Like I like him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me what's going on. Yeah. Right. Like people love that. >> Love it. Thank you. >> Does that help? Let me know.
Let me know how that goes. >> I love it. Yeah. Thanks. >> Be funny. Like [ __ ] on yourself a bit, you know, self-deprecating humor, right? Like uh >> some examples because like my my my concern with doing stuff like that too much is like I just told them they have cancer basically in their attic, you know? And so, >> yeah, no, keep it light, you know, try some things on, just play it pretty safe, but self-deprecating humor is a good one where where it might be like, um, you know, I mean, if it would help, I can sit down and and kind of talk you
through some ways that we've kind of helped other clients with with this. Um, I mean, you guys might be looking at me thinking, I don't know what I'm talking about, which would be fair because, you know, my partner says all the time, I don't know what I'm talking about, right? Like, haha, you know, like just little like things like that that you can reach.
>> Hey, don't don't judge me, but I know thesis. Like I know what's old, what's new, little things like that. >> Yeah. Yeah. Things like that, right? Like uh you know, like Exactly. That's funny. If someone said to me like um don't don't judge me, but like like one of my best qualities is I know a lot about feces, right? I would laugh funny.
I think I would think that would be funny. And yeah, I like people like people that are funny. I like laughing, you know, make it feel good having people buy. >> So yeah, [clears throat] script that out a little bit and just like try it on. Like I'd recommend you try some of this stuff on on the on the role plays >> to get like comfort, get some feedback with it and then um and then yeah, just like launch it on the launch it on the doors.
>> Thank you so much. Appreciate you. >> All right. Okay, guys. I hope that helps. I'll see you all next week. Bye.
