Hey guys, Matt here and we're going to talk now about how to get the goal, what we're trying to get, and I suppose like some of the pitfalls that we want to avoid whilst we're getting it. Okay, so the first thing we want to know is when you're getting the goal, we probably going to ask for it two times, maybe three.
So the first time you ask, the first time you talk about it, it's going to be like, hey, like what is it that attracted your attention? What are you looking for at the moment? Now, we don't want to go too deep into we want to allow them to have a little bit of a surface level goal and that's fine. The second time we ask for it is, you know, like so what do you what are you really looking for? Like what's your ideal I guess sort of weight loss or lifestyle that we're looking to trying to achieve here.
That's when you really want to be able to like kind of dig deep on like what it is you want to get the acronym smart, right? Specific, measurable, achievable, relevant, timely. Okay. A goal needs to be specific. It can't just be weight loss or fitness, right? Fitness. Okay. If someone goes, I just really want to get fit. You go, okay, well, just just, you know, fit can mean a lot of different things.
So, if I was able to snap my fingers and you're able to run five five miles or 5 kilometers faster or you're able to lose 10 10 kilos, which one would it be? I'd want to lose 10 kilos. Okay. So, like, is it fair to say that weight loss is your goal? Yeah. Okay. So, how much weight are you looking to lose? All right, I'm looking to lose say five, six kilos.
Okay, is it so your ideal like your endg game is it six kilos or is it like you know 10 or 20 or like what are you actually looking to achieve long term? Because the people don't want to say their full goal because it makes them vulnerable and then like you know if someone's got a large goal um you know then it kind of makes them feel bad to say the whole thing because it's like walking into a really dirty house and trying to figure out like where to start, right? So, we sort of allow them to go through that little journey. We're
like, "Okay, cool." So, like, what's the end goal? All right. Well, the end goal is like 20 kilos. We just kind of want to start with four or five. Go. Okay, cool. That's that's that's perfectly fine. So, the end goal is 20 kilos. So, and if someone's struggling to even get that out, just go, "Okay, so what's your goal weight? Like, where would you like to be?" Again, something specific.
They go, "I'd like I'd like to be around, you know, 80." Okay, why 80? You know what I mean? And if it's a woman who's like 5 foot4, you know, obviously you need to sort of start to question that and be like, okay, well, your goal can't be to be morbidly obese. So, like, let's, you know, let's try and get a real goal here.
Um, you know, so, and then go, okay, well, if your goal is 80 and so like where are you at now? And they go, I'm at 105. Okay, cool. So, our goal is to lose 25 kilos. Does that sound about right? Yeah. Okay, perfect. That's fine. Um, and like I'm just curious like why 25 kilos, right? So, we start to kind of, you know, just kind ever so slightly start to get into the motive, but we get a nice specific goal that's measurable, right? So, we know we're at we know where we're at.
We know we're trying to get. So, we're trying to lose 25 kilos, right? It's measurable. So, and if it's a fitness goal or if it's a powerlifting goal, same thing. I want to bench 200 kilos. Okay. Where are you at now? I'm at 100. Okay, cool. We need to double now. What's a realistic time frame for you? Right? Someone says, I want to do it in six weeks. It's not achievable.
It doesn't tick that box. Go. Well, okay. Why six weeks? Can you tell me a little bit about that? Why you've chosen that, where that number came from? Okay. Okay. Perfect. See that? All right. Cool. Let's And we can talk to them about the realism of that goal. Right. Again, not really talking about our solution, but just talking in generalities.
So, we need to make sure that it's achievable. The relevance comes into like why it's important. Okay. So, okay. Like why why do you want to double your bench roster? Like like where's that number coming from? Why 25 kilos? Oh, well, it's sort of it's sort of, you know, that used to be my weight before I had kids. Okay.
All right. Perfect. That makes sense. So, how long ago was that? Oh, that was 10 years ago. All right. Cool. So, um, over the last 10 years, how much weight have you gained? Did you gain the 25? Cool. And was it all at once or has it been like slowly or did you gain it in five years and then you haven't gained much since? Can you just kind of walk me through that? That way, you're going to kind of get a bit a better picture as to where they're at now, what they're doing.
Also, like if someone's gained 10 kilos over the last three years, it means they're gaining three and a half kilos a year, right? So, you can break that down and go, "Hey, man, just so you know, you gain like half a kilo a month every month." So, every month you don't do this, you gain half kilo, you know? So, it kind of it gives you some sort of mental powers for later.
Um, and your last one is like time, right? So, there has to be a time frame. You can't just say, "I'm going to lose 25 kilos and I want it. It's going to be done as soon as it's done, right?" Because then there's there's no urgency there. Like there's you're not accountable to anything, right? So specific, measurable, achievable, relevant, timely. Go. Okay, cool.
So like if I want to lose 10 kilos in 16 weeks because I've got a wedding coming up and you know what I mean? That's it ticks all those boxes. It's specific, it's measurable, it's achievable, it's relevant, and there's a time frame put on that is also like realistic. Okay, so that's the key to getting the goal. And we and we don't need to kind of lay it out for them in that smart, but we kind of want to tick all those boxes in our head.
And it starts to get us the motive, right? The motive is going to be drawn out over a couple of different steps, but we kind of want to understand the surface level reason why. Do you know what I mean? Like, oh yeah, I want to lose 25 kilos because that's what it was before kids. Okay, cool. That makes sense. That's not a real why.
The real why will come later when we go over into a video of exactly how to get the motive and all that kind of stuff. And there's some there are some techniques that we can do to pull that much faster um by conventing your own vulnerability. Um, but you know, for now it's just important that we really understand that goal.
That first time we talk about it, it's nice and surface. That's okay. That second time we talk about it, we're going to be getting deeper into the weeds about it and uh, you know, be able to to really understand the specifics of what they want because it we have to actually find out exactly what they want.
Otherwise, if we're like anchoring emotions to a goal that isn't really important to them because they've all we've got now is they want to lose 10 kilos, but they actually want to lose 50, right? Then all of us talking about so you know so you can lose that 10 kilo so you can that doesn't mean anything to them.
So we really have to find out what the real goal is and what that real pain point is. All right guys I'll see you in the next video.
