If you felt lost staring at a blank page trying to write a sales script, then this video is for you. I spent years trying to figure out how to copy and paste from different areas and different people on how to get my own sales script. But after figuring this out, it made it way easier. So, I'm going to give you a stepbystep formulaic approach to how to write your own script regardless of your level, what you sell, and what sales style you use.
Because this is not what to say, but it's how to structure the process of exactly what you should be putting in your script and where and how you can formulate a good presentation that will actually make sense to where the prospects coming in from. Okay? So, if you need that kind of information, there will also be a template in the description down below.
But this is a very in-depth video, okay? Uh one of the longer ones that I've done about how to actually build a sales script. Okay? So, we're going to get into this uh template. The template will be available in the Discord, okay? Okay. And the link will be down there below. What I want to do is go through like the methodology of building a script.
So, first thing you have to know is the offer. Okay? So, you need to know what you're selling, what it does, who it's for, so that you can start to have an understanding of like, hey, like this is what this is the overview of what it actually is. Then I want to have like the deliverables, right? So, what are the things if it's a, you know, if it's some if there's it's a software, like what are the features that set it apart? If it's a coaching program, what do they get? If it's yada yada yada.
If you're selling pools, like what do they get with it, right? So like what are the tangibles? Then what you want to do is figure out the niche. Okay, so the niche is like who is the marketing targeting in terms of like is it busy working women? Is it you know yada yada yada? Okay, then you want to separate that out into avatar problem buckets.
Okay, and we're going to go into depth into this, but I want to do the overview first, but basically what are the problems that people are coming in in with and like what are they looking to solve as to why they're on a call with you? and we want to have a few of them because that's going to help us develop some potential hooks, but it's also going to give us a really good idea just as to what problems the person has so we can steer them better. Okay.
Then we've got main marketing material, which I'll go through in a second because you want to always have a look at the marketing or how a person's coming in because that's going to tell you what their core problems are and it's going to give you a good idea as to how to sell that person. Then what you want to do is go through and put your presentation pillars together and then we can have any hooks.
Then what we're going to do is go through the actual call script itself. We're going to be going through that separately. Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through and I'm going to build one out live with you. Okay. Well go through what I've done. Okay. So I'm building one for for my business which is dialer.
Okay. So it's a software, right? But the process is the same regardless of what you're selling. And this is why this is a templated way of doing this to where you can do it for any offer, any niche. And it's sort of sales style agnostic. It's just being able to have the process in place to be able to build a script.
Okay. All right. So offer overview dialing software that increases pickup and contact rate deliverables. It's a software speed to lead uh automation automatic number rotation remediation uh agent tracking SMS in-depth reporting complianced driven dialing practices. And our niche is really any business that calls leads, right? So it's really probably going to be like uh two plus dialing agents. Okay.
Um the avatar bucket. So the problems are they're coming in with low pickup rates. Uh so like they're just calling and people just aren't picking up. They're coming in because of uh compliance concerns. So they they don't have any inbuilt mechanism in which to ensure that people are dialing leads compliantly. Okay. And then we have like there's low levels of agent transparency.
So they want high levels of agent transparency. I'll put that low levels low levels of agent transparency. They just don't know what people are doing. Right. Sometimes people come on they think they have agents that are you know doing eight hours a day. They're doing two. Okay. All right. So let's go through the marketing material.
First of all, let's go through the website. Now, this is where a lot of the traffic comes in. Okay, we're redoing the website at the moment, but anyway, so dollar smarter not harder. Okay, outbound increase, you know, transform your business, yada yada. Speed to lead. Okay, speed to lead is good. Smart dialing, number management, telco operation.
What is it saying? What is it saying? Okay, I might watch this. Okay. Uh, then go about. So, who are we? Question about outbound results. The average is like say 3 to 5% pickup rates, which is pretty crap. Um, we have this cool tool down here, which is like a little pricing tool. Where is it? So, like, let's just say, you know, and this is like this is good because again, I'm I'm a rep going through the website.
So, if my leads come in with a 6% pickup rate, they get 5,000 leads a month. They do 12,000 dials. They have a booking rate from those people who pick up of 20%. They have a show rate of 65%. They have a close rate of 25% and they collect that much cash with a pickup rate of 18%. They would significantly increase their revenue. Okay.
So all all the numbers being equal. So that's essentially like that's what we're selling. Okay. From a resources standpoint. Okay. We have like stir shaken. These are really specific. Okay. Okay. The reason why I did that is because like it's it's quite good to have very specific things for a for a business like this because the only people who understand this stuff are people that are going to be good clients. Okay.
Warming up numbers, dollar terms explained, warming up numbers. Okay. Pickup rate. So, we're looking at pretty nitty-gritty dollar stuff. If I say get started, name, email. Okay, cool. Um, what I'm going to do is I'll opt into this. Okay. Okay. So, what happens next? I always want to opt in. Okay. number of seats here, here, here, here. Okay, cool.
All right, cool. So, that gives me enough. So, I feel like I've got a good understanding through going through some of the marketing material. The next thing I'll go through is this is the funnel. So, dial can actually be 40 to 60% of leads. Okay, now I'm looking at this because what I want to do is I want to figure out what the problem is.
Like, what is the dream that's being sold here? I can watch this VSSL. Okay, I know what it says cuz I shot it. But essentially it's all about lack of compliance, lack of ability to be nice and comprehensive with things. Okay? And again, what I'm doing here is I want to understand what is motivating the person to actually book a call.
Time is the only commodity in which you can never get back. And so if we are willing to take our time to book a call, it means that we are willing to spend the only thing in which we can never get back. Imagine your reps could talk to two, three, or even 10 times the people they speak to. This is a little bit of my story. Okay.
Get your reps. Complete visibility. TCPA compliance. yada yada yada. Testimonial from Cole Gordon. Andy Anderson. Okay. Old Drew. Danny Klein from Elliot Group. Okay. Here we go. All right. Cool. Then we've got 10 reasons why here. Speed to lead auto TCPA. Better call quality. Rep visibility. Spam monitoring.
Data driven decisions. Okay. More testimonials. All right. Cool. And here's like some other stuff. All right. Cool. Then what happens here? All right. So, what industry? Pretty heavy friction. Okay. So, what that means is that all the leads that are coming through and the leads that book are pretty fire because like, hey, if you're if you're willing to fill all that out, you're pretty good. Okay. Cool.
So, now we have a good idea. All right. Also, go through my YouTube. You don't need to do that. Okay. But you can see I've got links in my YouTube, stuff like that for dialer. So, now we can see where the people are coming from. Now, what we're going to do is put together our pillars. Okay. This is the this is the presentation software that I use.
And this presentation software is definitely meant to like be sent out, right? Because software is a little bit different. So essentially, it's going through a lot of the core things that that we do and you know why things work better, why things they've tried hasn't worked, examples of data, right? What it all does, yada yada yada.
Speed to lead, see one minute, yay, right? Automation, SMS, TCPA compliance, customized lead journeys, etc., etc. Right? So this is all meant for that. And then we go through all the pricing and then they hit accept. Okay, that's how I do it. But for other offers, you might do like a pillar system, right? So if I was going to break down what they are for dialer, okay? And again, this is how you would do it is first of all, we do a white glove on boarding, right? One of the major concerns of people is like the difficulty of changing over. And so I
want to have my pillars address that in some degree. So we do a white glove onboarding and we do this to prevent the tech being too hard. So we sit down, map out your system, and we integrate it for you. Okay. So, I'm taking that concern away because that is the one of the most common concerns that we have of like, hey, like how hard is this? Like, is it going to be hard to take over? How much resource do we have to put towards it? Etc., etc.
Okay, so I'm going to get that out of the way. Pillar one, hey mate, we'll just do it for you. Okay, pillar two, custom calling cadences that reflect the best practices for your lead and your lead sources. Okay, so again, core thing, managers and business owners always feel like their leads are absolute [ __ ] fire and that it's their reps that are doing the wrong thing.
And listen, maybe they are, maybe they're not. Okay. But like you know being able to have the manager and the owner lay out exactly how each lead is called and prioritized is a great thing and it at least in their eyes and I believe it will it will increase your efficacy. And then we have like an like a 90-day roll out.
So day 1 to 30 is the testing phase. Then it's optimized and at scale. This is to ensure long-term success. This is also to reduce customer service burden because during a test there are things that are expected to go wrong. So I want to bring the client in and present them to the CS team under the right opices right I don't want to set unnecessary or unrealistic time frames or expectations on my team because it's going to cause issues okay now I've got the hooks okay so now I have a good understanding of the business what is being told to the
client how they're coming in the level of friction points that are coming in and so I'm looking for the five stages okay so it's problem unaware problem aare Okay, so I'm unaware there's a problem. Oh, now I become pro aware of the problem. Okay, oh [ __ ] my pickup rates are really low, right? I'm not getting too many of my leads.
Okay, then, okay, it's solution aware. Okay, so solution aware is like, oh, there is a solution, right? Then it's brand aare. So dialer is a brand which can give me the solution of higher pickup rates to fix the problem of me not speaking to enough of my leads. And then it's product aare.
So it's like you know the specific product within dialer. Okay. You know what I mean? So then we can create some hooks and frames. Now for dialer what I did is create kind of an esa escape the matrix red pill blue pill type thing. Okay. So it's like you know walk me through all of your results. Okay.
Now do you want me to explain to you why it's never worked? And what I do is I tell them as to why it's not their fault, as to why their dialing system hasn't worked as intended, because it was never going to because it's built on inferior infrastructure. And you're trying to build a Lamborghini on a Toyota Corolla chassis. It's just not going to work.
And these are all the reasons why. And they go, "Holy crap." And I go, "Yeah, do you see why that wouldn't work?" And they go, "Absolutely." And I go, "This is how we fix that." Boom. And then they're like they're bored in from there. So it's like a escape the matrix. Another one that you can do is like a transition frame which works really well and is fairly ubiquitous.
So you can be like, "Hey, I really like working with people who are making the transition from X to Y, right?" And so then you can kind of anchor that in. Okay. All right. So that is like how we go through and that's just the initial part of actually setting up to be able to write a good script. We have to have an in-depth understanding of the offer.
Know the deliverables. Know the niche. Know the avatar and the problems that people are coming in with. Understand the marketing material. Put together presentation and pillars that not only solve the problems of the problems, solve the problems, but also solve problems and emotionally anchor to make sure that they're a good client.
And then we can create hooks if we need to then sort of pigeon hole people through. Then what we're going to do is go through and have a look at some just some generic examples of a sales script. Okay, I think that you can use any type of script. The whole point of this is just really to give you a framework to work from now that you have all of this.
Okay, so first is like the call intro, setting the scene, establish control, and clarify why they're there. Hey name, this is blank from blank. You booked a call about this. Is it still a good time? Okay, these are some key problems. What do you want to solve? What tools do you have? Okay, these are these are like a little bit for dialer.
Okay, like what are the compliance and industry and all that kind of stuff that you have? Um, so I can put those here like what are the key problems? What tool are you using? Compliance concerns are you looking for pure analytics or whatever. Okay, so get aligned on the takeaways, the current reality, right? Which is like what are they currently doing? Like what's their baseline? What are they doing about the thing in which they're here to to get? So, if it's, you know, losing weight. Okay.
Hey, I want to lose some weight. Okay, cool. What are you doing to lose weight? Right now, I don't say, "What are you doing to manage your weight currently?" I'm just saying, "What are you doing to lose the weight?" Because I don't want to get into a rabbit hole, right, of like what they're currently doing for software.
And that can make sense to help build the gap. For a lot of things, it doesn't really help you to go into that. Like, if I'm selling you sales training or coaching, I don't really care how you do it right now. All I need to know is that it's not working. And I want to know what you're doing to make it better because the process of making it better is where I come in.
So I want to center the conversation around that. Okay. Another one is like are you good in research? Are you in research mode or do you want to like do something about this soon? Then we're going to find the problem. We're going to expose the weak spots. That's really what it's for. So it's like with the way that you're currently doing it to get the thing that you want, right? What are the problems associated with that? Right? So what is not working about it and why isn't it working? Then from there, we want to go down into, well, why not just do more of
that, right? Uh, and just do more of it. So, if I'm selling sales training, it's like, hey, just just so I can understand the reasoning why you might be looking to, you know, get someone to come in and really dial in your sales and give you some nitty-gritty feedback. What's the reason for doing it that way rather than just like doubling your call volume? If they're just going for walks and watching what they eat and they want to lose weight, hey, why not just go for more walks and just be a little more strict with food? Like, why not just do
that? And they're going to be like, well, it's just not working fast enough. What do you mean? Okay, that's going to lead us into like a nice little gap building section where we can then start to future pace out exactly what they want. Okay, I believe that selling on hope is a lot easier than selling on despair.
Okay, and so what we want to do is we want to like if you know there's there's this study, right? Uh where they put rats into a vat of water and then they let them swim around until they drowned. Okay, the first time I'm just going to use the numbers. They use like 20 minutes, right? And then the rats drowned.
The second time they put rats in there, let them swim. And like at the 20-minute mark, right when they were about to just give up the ghost and drown, they pulled them out, gave them a little, it's okay, buddy. Here's a little bit of cheese, right? Made them feel good, put them back in the second time, they lost their flight 20 hours, okay? Because they had the hope that someone was going to rescue them because it happened before.
And so like the fear of dying was nowhere near as motivating as the hope of being rescued. Okay. So, I I like to really future pace positive rather than going dark and negative, right? There's a time and a place for both, but I like to do that. And you can do it in like an associative state. So, if this worked, how would that make you feel or how would you feel when? Then from there, we're going to like um I guess sort of do a bit more like building of the gap.
Dig a little bit deeper. Try and get some real tangible things to be able to emotionally kind of gravitate towards like I want this for this reason. Okay. Then um we basically I like to do a little bit of an education which is like okay if you keep doing this what happens? Okay. Uh then from there okay I like to uh take that and expand on it with a little bit of education.
Okay that makes sense because okay then from there um really tie down those key anchor points in which we've like the key problems key solution and the key sort of gaps and then from there I like to um finish with like the positive and then I like to go to the gap check. So it's like hey this is where you bring them back down to earth. Okay.
Be like, so with the current process that you have, how close are you to achieving your goal? And this is important before you go to like the consequence type questions because this is what's going to prevent them from giving you the I'll never let that happen. You know what I mean? Because like this is where you get like the back down to reality.
So it's important that you future pace out, right? Really well. Get nice and deep on that. Build a gap and then say, "Well, how close are you to it?" And the reason why they're going to say it's not I'm not close at all is because like well you know you just said the gap was huge. Then from there what happens if you don't fix it? What happens if you never achieve the outcome? And then we go okay I think we can fix it.
Here is your pillars presentation. Then we close. Okay. I like a neutral close. Hey before you you know um so from what we covered I feel like you know what might be the next step like how would you like to proceed from here? So that's it. Okay. That is how I build a script. Now, if you want this template, it'll be in Discord, okay? Where you can go over it in more in-d depth.
I can't do like a 60 90minute video on this, so I wanted to gloss over it, okay? And then give you the resource to be able to do it. So, go to click the link down below, go into the Discord, and then you can just request the script, okay? If you are a member of the channel, which you can join somewhere around here, okay? Uh you'll have this anyway inside of your Discord, plus all the other stuff that you get for being a member.
Um, but I hope that was helpful, guys. Make sure you do all the initial steps because like you can fill in the blank and put in any script you want, okay? But you need all of the information above to be able to really write a script well. And what I see is a lot of people um teaching what to say and te and giving scripts, but no one's really teaching like the methodology of how you get the information to build a script.
And so I hope that was helpful. All right, guys. Bye.
