But if you contact someone within 5
minutes of them opting in, like then you
have a 100 times higher likelihood of
making a sale. If you don't contact them
in the first day, your chance is like
barely
there. If a globe lead comes in and a
social media lead comes in and a
referral comes in, what's the priority
for us? There will end up being three to
four because we'll have globe warm
market referrals, right? And then we'll
have drills from the leads. And then
we'll actually have the lead source that
we're generating from as well with less
than 5% of my sales came from leads that
I dialed more than seven times. Hey
guys, Matt and Kaden here. Um, your two
favorite podcasters. I think we're the
third best podcast in America. It's
pretty dirty. That's what my mom told
me. She's not known for her
accuracy. Um, yeah, but you know, it's a
it's a I can put it on my website. You
could put that on your website as long
as one person has the opinion. Um, and
it's amazing that we've been able to
build that with our headquartered
offices being so far apart. Yeah, Utah.
What's going on Utah? Right. So,
currently we're headquartered in Utah uh
with an ancillary headquarters. So, we
have two two actual headquarters because
there's so much quartering of heads
required. Um, yeah, it's getting pretty
serious. We're in the Double Bay office,
which for those of you who don't realize
how fancy that is, it's very fancy.
It's like saying Manhattan, right? Yeah.
Or the Gintow Province, right? Um, you
guys wouldn't know, though. You guys
wouldn't get it. You're probably poor.
Um, and don't have six packs, so beat
it. I don't want you listen to my
[ __ ] podcast. All right, speaking of,
I'm back in the gym. You can probably
tell.
Um, you can tell already for sure. Back
in the gym, I just decided uh I started
watch like I've just been not motivated
for a while to just not really train
consistently.
I started watching Will Tennyson. You
seen him on YouTube? Will Tennyson like
a huge fitness influencer guy, but if
you watch his videos, you'll see why I
like him. Um he basically has the exact
same sense of humor as me and uh it's
quite it's quite funny to watch because
he he says a lot of the Anyway, he's fun
but he's a huge uh fitness like YouTuber
and he does really like entertaining
videos and I was like you know what I'll
[ __ ] get back into it. Um pushed you
over the edge. I'm back into it. Yeah.
How many days a week? Uh I'm doing four.
Um, fun fact, when I was training for my
wedding, uh, I have like a You ever
heard of like myostatin like inhibitor?
Y So, yeah. So, I have like extremely
low genetic myostatin levels. So, like I
haven't trained consistently for two or
three years, but I like my muscle mass
never goes away, right? Like I never get
Yeah. And so, um, I remember when I was
training for my wedding, I me and my
trainer, we we had to like I kept not
fitting into my suit.
I had to get my suit altered a bunch of
times and we we ended up just doing
sled, assault bike, and like high rep
crossfit cuz otherwise I would put on
like a good kilogram a
month, like two two two to three pounds
of muscle every month. And we were like
trying to we were trying to figure out
ways not to put on muscle. We were like
having to war game my food and we're
like was like what's happening? It was
it was it was pretty funny. What's funny
about that is then what ends up
happening is a bunch of people come up
to you and they're like how do I build
muscle? Yeah.
Have an odd genetic makeup. Yeah. Um
Yeah. I don't know. You're the right
person to listen to. Yeah. Exactly. It
It's funny though because like whenever
I like lift weights consistently, I get
like obnoxiously large quite quickly.
So, uh we'll see. Here he comes, Dean.
Here he comes. Yeah. Yeah. It should be
fun. But anyway, uh I don't want that to
happen. So, I'll I'll try and keep it in
check. I'm sure now that I'm 41, surely
that won't be the case, but we'll see
what happens. Um but all right. So, what
we're going to do today is with the guys
with insurance, right? We are bringing
in Dialer. We're bringing in leads that
we're going to generate. So, I think we
have a meeting later on this week with
the new marketing company that we've
hired. Um, I actually reached out to
some of my Navy Seal friends uh the
other day to see if we can get some
intros for some people to try and get
some vet leads because we're focusing a
lot on vets. And, you know, do you want
to explain what it is we we can do for
people? Yeah. with the like what we're
doing for the veterans is really helping
educate them on their VA benefits
because for those of you that are
veterans then you know how good the VA
is at explaining all of the benefits
that you get after the service uh which
is incredibly clear and every veteran
understands
it. So we're we're providing a lot of
education there helping them just plan
for end of life services you know if
that includes selling insurance then
selling insurance which usually They get
a free will, right, just for just for
hanging out. That's not a Will Hson. We
would give them away for free, but
there's only one. Um, and he's already a
vet, so he probably gave it to himself.
This selfish cuck, right? What a
bastard.
Um, but yeah, so so what we're going to
be doing, so is we're going to be uh
installing Dialer um into the into the
company. And so all the sniper insurance
guys, all the guys who who want it are
going to be going forth and getting
Dialer. And then we're going to be
providing leads and and and all that
kind of stuff. And I know that like you
know a bit about dialer, but what I
wanted to do is actually um go through
because we can pretty much sort of
decide how the leads are called because
it's like automated manual dialing. So
one one of the one of the problems that
I see with insurance is that they they
use a lot of like power dialers. Now,
the issue with power dialers is that
like they're like from a regulatory and
compliance standpoint, they can be a
little bit hit or miss depending on how
the lead generated. And you don't always
have a lot of control over how leads are
actually on the generation side when
you're an insurance rep because you're
buying leads. And so, the chances that
you're auditing it, you know, it's
probably just not there. And so, but
you're the one making the call. So if if
if they don't do their, you know, their
TCP opt-in box correctly, then you then
you can end up kind of like in a bit of
a bad way, right? Um so we're going to
be doing it for the guys, right? Um and
there are a couple of uh cool things
that we can do. And so what we're going
to be doing is going through and I'm
going to ask you like how do we think we
should be calling these guys for how
long? Right? You've done a lot of
insurance calls. You know the kind of
leads that we're going to be getting.
And so like know how long should we be
calling them for? So the first thing I
would say is from a like how many let's
go through like lead sources. So we have
a look like how many lead sources are
there going to be
for us? there will end up
being three to four three leads because
we'll we'll have
globe referrals, warm market
referrals, right? And and then we'll
have referrals from the leads and then
we'll actually have the lead source that
that we're generating from as well.
Okay, let's go through the social the so
the the leads that are coming direct
from say globe for example like uh
what's the priority that we want to be
calling them because the way that we can
do it is we can like waterfall the leads
in right and then um we can have them
prioritized by rep we can have them
prioritized by lead source uh and then
we can but we we need because it is true
automations like we want to have a
priority so if a globe lead comes in and
a social media lead comes in and a
referral comes in. What's the priority?
Social media. Social media. All right.
Yeah. Because the globe lead when when
we get those, we don't know when they
were generated. There's not necessarily
a huge importance for speed to lead.
Okay. Right. Uh
yeah. So referrals number two. Yeah.
Probably the referral number two. Yeah.
And then globe leads. Yeah. Okie dokie.
And with these social media leads, um,
the priority is then going to be speed
to lead. Speed to lead ASAP. Okay.
Pretty much with any lead generation,
isn't it? Yeah. Well, you know, we got
some guys that do, you know, like um
they might do like webinars and they
want like a 10-minute delay, right?
Okay. you know, you know, and so like
speed to lead is like our our system,
we'll set it up so that we'll API it
directly in and then
within like so API is 0.1 second from
one place to the other. So you're
looking at like directly done then it
has to API into its own system inside
social media, right? Like you know and
then it's straight out. So you're
looking at like 02 to.3 seconds by the
time it's inside of the dialer and then
it will be the next call in the queue.
So like the whole point is that they are
still sort of on the
phone, you know? Yep. Uh like when that
like when that happens and then what
that means is that they're they're
available. I think a lot of people
there there are a couple truths. Uh
there there was a a study just released
by um MIT and they worked with HubSpot
and they went through I think they they
16,000 leads they sort of followed a
full journey over a number of different
companies and then they figured out that
if you contact someone within five
minutes of them opting in like so true
five minute um then you have a 100 times
higher likelihood of making a sale.
That's crazy. 100 times isn't it? And
every single minute was like a huge drop
off. Yeah. But basically, if you don't
contact them in the first day, your
chance of selling them is is like barely
there, you know. So like speed speed to
lead is I think from what I can see and
from what I can see across all the
accounts that are on dialer and then
also some of the consulting clients that
I still have and stuff like that, if if
you can nail your speed to lead, like
you're pretty much good to go. that that
that will do a significant jump. I got a
text the day I got a text yesterday like
lovely dudes and they they sent me a
message. It was like uh here it is. It
was um
uh thanks thanks a ton guys. Dolly's
been working amazing. Pickup rates
increased, booking rates increased over
the first two days. The team were loving
it. Still adjusting. I know we were a
special team, right? It wasn't the
smoothest road getting us up and
running, but the learning curve is
pretty steep. But uh we're very happy
with how everything's going so far. They
just couldn't figure out their
integrations. Their that guy just didn't
know how to use Zapier,
which is actually one of the reasons why
we want to do it for the guys because
then we know that it'll be there because
just like not many, you know, sales
dudes or insurance guys are going to sit
in there and work out all their Zap
situations and, you know, it ends up
just being the wild wild west, right?
Yeah, when you're when you're paying for
your own leads, they're all going into
your own CRM. You have a lot less
control over speed to lead, right? Cuz
if you generate one, one comes in, but
you're on the phone with somebody.
Obviously, you have to be on the phone
with that person. And then every minute
that goes by, that goes down. And it it
just Yeah. You know, when you're able to
operate as a team,
Yeah. everything's easier. It helps. All
right. So, how many times should we dial
day one? How many dials day one? Yep.
All right. Three. And then how what's
the red doll time in between? So do you
find like try and get those dolls out
all like really quickly like say 10 15
minutes in between or do you think like
maybe leaving an hour in between? Uh
from 1 to two generally you're going to
be 15 to 30 minutes. Yep. And then the
third dial you want to be 45 minutes to
an hour and a half after the second one.
Okay. And then uh day two.
I personally would hit them twice.
Yep.
And then read. Yep. So we'll do a
readall time of like 90 minutes. That's
a minimum readal time. So it can be
more. You know what I mean? And then I
would say day
three to like seven re really what you
want is like you know sort of seven to
eight times in a week is sort of you
know a good marker. You can you there's
no like hard rule on that. I just think
it's like a good it's a good practice.
Also from what I can see once you hit 10
dials it's like a giant waste of time.
Yeah. the the the chances of you selling
them are significantly everybody's data
that I've seen my own personal data uh
after 7 to 10 everybody's a little bit
different 7 to 10 but between 7 to 10
dials it's like nobody buys after that
yeah well I think what what it is from
from what I can see is that it's it's uh
you know if you have a bucket of 100
people right and let's say uh 60 of them
will 40 of them will never pick up a
phone number that in which they don't
know, right? Like there's probably 30 of
them that won't ever pick that up they
don't know and there's 10 of them that
are just never pick up their phone. Yep.
You know what I mean? Just ever under
any circumstance and then so now you've
got so you've got 60 people left over.
So if you get in touch with 20 of the
100 the first day now now you've got now
you've got 40 out of out of 100. Yeah.
you know, and so like the percentage the
percentages are drastically skewed.
Hello. Every single time, right? And so
you're just dealing with a bucket with a
with you're still you're fishing in the
same bucket all the time and the
efficacy just gets lower and lower and
lower and lower because there's just a
bunch of fish in there that don't bite,
you know, and it's not but that's what
text and email and stuff like that is
supposed to do. And at the same time,
like if you're like if you're an
independent insurance agent, you're
buying all your own leads and you can't
you're not having enough success that
you can buy enough to be able to dial
and keep that under 10 dials, then it is
what it is. You got to call them more,
right? Like you you've got to keep
searching for even though it's rare, it
happens. And you've got to keep
searching for it if that's the situation
that you're in. But ideally,
um I I know when
you know, from from my own personal
data, it was like, what's the
number? Less than 5% for sure. I don't
remember the exact We'll just stick with
less than 5% of my sales came from leads
that I dialed more than seven times. Oh
yeah, dude. It's just like in like
Listen, one one of my one of my favorite
things to hear is like there's gold in
the list. There's really not, mate.
There's really not. Like unless you
unless you've been doing nothing,
right? Like unless you've just been
doing absolutely nothing, then like
sometimes But you're better off sending
an email to a really old list. Like
you're better off just sending an email.
Like you'll get you'll get like the
amount of Yeah. [ __ ] filter that way.
Yeah, exactly. And then the people who
raise their hand give them a call. You
can actually set up triggers to where if
they like reply to an email, you can
send them in and give them a call. All
right. So, we're going to do uh day one
three three times with 30 minutes in
between. Day two, $2, 90 minutes in. Day
three to seven, one $1 each day. And
then um because they won't be working
weekends anyway, so like you know what I
mean? And then day 8 to 21, I put like
one doll every two to three days, right?
And that way that'll be like a super low
priority. And if there's no leads coming
through like at that particular moment,
it will give them a try, but like
they're not going to be like, you know,
they're not going to be getting hammered
by any stretch of the imagination and
they're not going to take away from
speed to lead. Um, now what are the
states that are going to be
calling? We're going to be focusing
mainly on what? Arizona, Texas, Florida.
Arizona, Texas, Florida,
Tennessee. Easy.
That will change but for now those four.
Okay.
And then we'll do do you want to do like
we'll do local presence for those for
those particular states? Yep. Yep.
Always. We won't do local presence down
to the county because I think that
that's stupid. But I think the state is
fine. Also like it gets expensive
because you actually have to provision
the numbers. So then you have to have
like a number for each county and then
do the mapping.
That sounds redundant. Yeah. Also like
you know you have living in a small town
and all of a sudden some unknown number
you know from that town is pulling you
like what's going on here? That's
definitely a tell marketer right. Um
okay cool. And then in terms of like how
do we want the guys to have them like
pulled? So, do we do we do we want um do
we want people to be able to like like
kind of pick and choose? Do we want to
have the states made as individual
campaigns and have them pulled in
together like or is everyone going to be
pretty much well verssed on those on
those four? Or we just have marked they
come in and then you can schedule a call
with another person if they're not.
Yeah, that'll be exactly it. We we we
want it all pulled together and then if
somebody happens to get one that they
can't help that person with which will
come up like you know if there's a
health product and they don't have their
health license or
if their their license hasn't come
through for one of those states yet then
they can schedule it with somebody in
those states. Okay. All right. Cool. So
all these go into one pool. We need to
have the state identifier in there.
Uh so that uh agent can schedule with
another. Okie dokie. Um all right,
that's pretty much it. And uh like what
like what what information do you would
you want do the reps need for to come in
with the lead?
Ideally, we need obviously we're going
to have
email, right? So, so email is already a
given. We need one other identifier. Uh
whether that's their address, I I think
that's kind of overkill or date of
birth, right? Um that could be a really
good one. Even age
can can suffice. We just want what we we
need a couple of identifiers so that
when we're doing the outbound, we can we
can confirm that information. Okay.
Okay. Perfect. So, yeah, I've got your
name. Okay. So, when we do the So, we'll
do that on the optin, right? And then uh
yeah, so we'll get like name, email,
phone number, state, and then I think we
redirect them to like a a form they fill
out that all gets combined into one and
then sent in and they've got as much
information as what they need in order
to kind of get the ball rolling on their
free will, right?
Yeah, maybe like branch as well.
That'd be a good one. Branch would be
good. The more personal the information,
the better. Not necessarily like
you know, not not not too personal.
Okay, cool. You know what I mean? All
right. And then do we want to have a
like we we want to have a separate
script uploaded for each lead
source? It'll be two different scripts
because there will be one referral
one and then we'll have one for veteran
leads.
And within the within the script for vet
leads, we'll have a new lead and a lead
that's, you know, over a few hours old.
Okie dokie. A few hours old. Explain.
Well, just the way the the Facebook
works, right? when they fill out the
marketing, um, as soon as they they fill
out the ad, Facebook automatically takes
them to an another ad that's similar and
is marketing for somewhat similar
things. And so, it's better to adjust
your intro as if they're being called a
lot because if they're not being called
a lot and you've but you've used an
intro like they were being called a lot,
you're safe. It's not going to hurt you,
right? But if it's 2 hours later and
they've already gotten 17 calls cuz they
filled out five ads. Yeah, it's true.
And I'm treating them like a brand new
lead, I'm I'm getting steamrolled.
Okay. So, so like like run me through
like what's your what's your opener for
that?
Um yeah. Hey Matt, this is just Kaden. I
I apologize. Um you probably have
already gotten some calls about this. I
don't I don't know why nobody updated
it. Um it it looks like you had put in
some info about potentially ABC. Did you
end up figuring that out or like what
what ended up happening? Okay, cool. So
you even do that even after a few hours
you're finding I guess it makes sense. I
used to do that after 20 minutes when I
worked final expense. Um literally if I
did not have speed within 20 minutes,
I'm using that because what even if they
haven't received any calls, they're
like, "Oh no, I actually haven't gotten
any calls about that." But but yeah, I
was looking. Oh. and you're like, "Oh,
okay. Well, I'm glad I called. I can
help you out. I'm here." Yeah. Right.
But most of the time they're like, "Oh
my god, I've been getting so many
calls."
Yeah. Right. And and you're ahead of it.
I guess that's the nature of insurance,
right? Because it like they're selling
the lead how many times? Yeah. You know,
they're selling the lead a bunch of
times and people go out like when people
shop for insurance, they generally fill
out a bunch of different places to to
price compare like with car insurance.
Yeah. Like it's baked in society that
with insurance all you think about is
price. Yeah. Compare the mircat. Yeah.
There's a there's an ad in Australia
where they have like a a
mircat and when you say mircat when you
say market with a Russian accent sounds
like mircat. So, it's like a Russian
compare the
miracet.com, right? And it's like a
whole comparison website where you can
just see all the prices and then like
they obviously like get the click
affiliate type thing. compared
toarket.com.au.
Yeah, it's very clever marketing. It
sticks in your head. Compare them.
Yeah. Little Russian mircat.
Little Russian in your head all day.
Never heard anybody. Exactly. Exactly.
Um, I suppose it's no different than the
little Geico Gecko. Is he still getting
around over there? Or Geico Gecko? Geico
Gecko is I think getting around. I don't
know. Yeah, there streaming has changed
the world. What's that? Streaming has
changed the world because you don't like
TV. I guess streaming you're still
forced to watch ads like, you know, if
you're broken and you don't upgrade your
YouTube. Um,
but thank god they don't. I get I get
better ad revenue.
Yeah, it's true. I'm always shocked
though when I see someone like watching
ads on YouTube. like what are you doing?
Like you can skip, right? Like 10 bucks.
Like what's happening over there? Are
you okay? Do you need do you need some
money? Yeah. Sort of like when people
have an
Android. Is everything is everything all
right with your with your
business? Is your life filled with
constrnation?
Know you know that there are blue texts
that exist. They're not all green. I
know. Exactly right. It's funny because,
you know, it's really it's it's it's odd
because like I see the the I see
the appeal of having an Android because
like the phones are better, you know,
there's like way more options. You can
do a lot more with it. Um, but the the
ecosystem that I'm in, not even in terms
of the Apple ecosystem, just like the
being in Australia and not being able to
iMessage would like half my income.
Oh, that would make a big deal for you
because you can't Yeah, because you use
iMessage a lot. Yeah, that's all I use.
And then I use FaceTime audio to call
people. Yeah. And then like I can use it
on my computer. So I'll like I'll text
leads and you know it's like like I
don't know there's most 90% of
entrepreneurs are on are on Apple. Yeah.
That's the hard part is like if you like
you said the the PCs Android they have a
lot of features. I get it. It's cheaper
for, you know, similar um chips and
things like that, but if everybody's on
it, it's a thousand times easier to
communicate that way. Yeah, it is. And
you can do group messages. The fact that
you can't do group messages is like so
petty, you know? I guess what what's
interesting though is Twilio is going to
be is bringing out RSS messaging. So RSS
messaging is a lot more like the
reporting is way better and you can do a
lot more with it.
Um uh and that'll be super interesting
because they're going to bring that in
which which means that you'll be able to
actually have like true deliverability
reports in the same as what you can with
email through like you know like Twilio
messaging. I mean all of the all of the
networks will be bringing it out but
it's going to be it mean it'll mean that
text will get I think a lot more
powerful but with that it'll also get a
lot more easy to stop
it'll get it'll do the same thing as
email where
everybody used to check their email and
live on their email and now email is
just a bunch of spam. Yeah, it's a lot
of important if it's important it's a
text. Yeah. I always tell people like if
it's really important you can text me
and if you don't have my number it's
just probably not that important. Yeah.
Like you know have you just get my
number you know although my my my
WhatsApp phone number is out there and
um you want me to read it off right now?
I mean you can find it. It's not very
difficult to find but it's just linked
to WhatsApp. But yeah it's um it's I get
lugging messages every day. Hey,
Matt. Like, [ __ ] are you?
My WhatsApp uh does all sorts of weird
things, so I just don't look at it. But
I need to I have I have WhatsApp
business. It's the business WhatsApp. Um
it's no different. It's just more
annoying. And but you can do ads like,
but who the [ __ ] clicking an ad on
WhatsApp? Like I
don't putting ads everywhere, you know?
I tell you what's gonna be wild. When
the AR glasses get really good, you
start getting ads in your AR glasses
that you can't even tell our [ __ ]
ads. You know what I mean?
Like just be like a little whisper in
the back. You want to buy this? You want
to buy? Have you Have you seen that
video um of the two guys? They asked
Chachi BT uh if you were going to take
over the world, how would you do it?
Is it like is it like create Tik Tok?
Oh, no, bro. It's wild. Um it's
basically what is happening with chatbt
and AI now is it said I wouldn't have to
forcibly you know I'm going to summarize
it uh I wouldn't have to forcibly take
over the world because what I would do
is I would become so convenient that
first everybody would want to use me and
then at that point I would become so
convenient that I would make it so that
everybody would depend on me and then
once everybody was dependent on me I
would I would continue to infiltrate all
of the top companies all and all
basically I would be your source for
information and then at that point every
thought you thought everything you think
everything you do you will think that
you are doing but really it will be
planted from me.
Yeah. Let's tell you what's happening
that's been happening for a long time.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like yeah is what it
is. It just is what it is. It's just I
rely on the fact that I have I don't
watch I don't I'm Yeah. I don't think I
give a [ __ ]
Well, you have to be you have to be in
the system. Like obviously we're all in
the system, but you have to be intaking
their content for it to happen on grand
scale, but I'm sure it's still small
scale it happens. Oh yeah, it still gets
you. Still get you. Like I mean, who the
[ __ ] knows? You know what I mean?
Although like that song is a banger.
They're playing bangers. No, that one.
Yeah, that you know that one. Taco that
new one. That new one we can't talk
about. It's a banger of a song.
Yeah. Not saying I agree with the
message, but it's a it's a hard one not
to hum.
A hard one. It's stuck in your
head. Yeah, it's a good
song. You know, actually, I watched a
full breakdown of that song by a guy
called Michael Noles, who's like a full
Christian conservative, right? Um, and
doesn't isn't like a big Kanye fan, but
man, it was [ __ ] fascinating
breakdown because like he actually like
he's like, "Oh, let's look at it like a
piece of art." He's like, "Oh, this dude
is just like, "Yeah, I'll be the
villain." Like, so I'm going to say this
is the worst thing I could say. Now
what? You know what I mean? Like that's
what he's kind of saying. He's like,
"Oh, like I'm losing everything. Oh,
sweet. I'll be the villain. I'll say the
worst thing I can
say. Now what are you going to do? You
can't make everybody hate me if I make
everybody hate me myself. He's exactly
right. And he's just like, "Here you go.
I'll be the villain." It's pretty
fascinating. Like when you actually
listen to the words are quite it's quite
interesting like what he's what he's
saying and like how much pain that
dude's probably in right now, you know?
Yeah. Because he's not allowed to see
his kids. That's what it's about. Okay.
He's not allowed to see his kids and all
kinds of stuff like that. Yeah. It's
interesting because I feel like that's
the route he's been going for the last
few years is really
He he obviously does a lot of crazy
things, but in my head when I see it and
look at it from that perspective, it's
like he's just being crazy to really
prove a point of you cannot control me.
Oh, for sure. Yeah. And also, I think he
I think he's, you know, he's one of
those people he's like shockingly ahead
of his time. Yeah. Like always with
everything. And so he's just his his
thinking is so nonconformative
that it's very confusing to people. But
I I I I [ __ ] his music's so good. So
good. So good, man. He's the reason I
don't have
Twitter. They say you're a fan of him.
You're a fan of yourself. Old old him.
Exactly. And anyone who was in that
music video, they're never getting work
ever again. No, they're done. No.
Hopefully hopefully hopefully hopefully
Mr. Ye paid them an awful lot. Just a
big just a bunch of big black dudes with
wolves on their heads saying, "Hi,
Hitler." It's [ __ ] It's a wild look.
It's a wild look. I'll say that. You
know, good for them, though. Definitely
not controllable. I'll say that. Yeah,
they're definitely fighting the system,
right? Um but yeah. All righty. Well,
you know, that's enough for today. Um,
but I think we have a good uh base and
this is how you should be dialing leads
if you
are a young person in insurance. And if
you want to just have us do it for you,
and if you want to come and be mentored
by the sales daddies, um, and just, uh,
you know, be in a better place in life,
no longer filled with consternation, and
have, uh, a guiding light force telling
you that you're [ __ ] and don't work
hard enough, and come on down to Sniper
Insurance,
and be ready to laugh. Exactly. [ __ ] on
in the same sentence. Exactly. We will,
uh, you can reach out to me or Kaden. um
anywhere that you can and uh also we'll
have some links in the description where
you can go and apply to speak with us.
So yeah. All right, guys.
