You will not believe what happens when
you stop giving a [ __ ] what people
think. Everyone walks around this world
just desperately trying to impress
people that don't matter by doing things
that they don't like with people that
they don't care about so they can look
cool on Instagram and wonder why they're
[ __ ] miserable. So today I'm going to
give you a guide and how you can
actually start doing that. My best
friend thinks it's my superpower, but I
genuinely do not care what people think
about me. Doesn't mean I don't want to
be a good person. I don't have a good
reputation. They're totally different
things. But if you don't like me, I
don't really care. I know that I'm a
good dude and I do good stuff. And that
is the first key is actually
understanding and knowing who you are.
The reason why I joined special
operations was because I was terrified
that I was a [ __ ] Right? You might be
sitting here having never done anything
difficult in your entire life thinking
that you're a personal trainer and the
hardest thing you've ever done is a
deadlift. You're a sales guy and the
hardest thing that you've ever had to do
is be asked to follow up and then not do
it. Once you've done truly difficult
things or put yourself well outside of
your comfort zone, you find out who you
are. you are who you are when somebody
isn't looking. Like if you reflect on
this video and you're like by that
>> or you know that you are a piece of [ __ ]
when people aren't looking, then only
you can do something about that. And you
really only care what other people think
because you know they're right. And you
will never be good at sales or truly
good at sales or as good as you can be
or as happy as you can be until you stop
desperately caring and seeking the
validation of people that do not matter.
They just don't matter. They matter as
people and they matter as individuals,
but they do not get to take up brain
space inside of your dome. But the only
reason why they do is because you're
afraid that they're right and that you
might be found out because you don't
really understand who you are. Now, does
that mean that you have to go on a
mindset journey quest, right? Does that
mean that like you need to cold plunge
your traumas away? No. I don't think
that way. I think that people who use
trauma as a clickbait thing are idiots
and I think that uh you should just go
speak to a psychologist if you have
problems because they're probably the
only ones who are qualified to actually
help you. And so you have to figure that
side out. And so experiencing difficult
things. That is why ironically enough
actually cold plunges I think are
probably a positive thing for most
people to do because it is uncomfortable
and it is like not very pleasant. And so
just doing something uncomfortable and
unpleasant. It allows you to realize
that like things are that you can handle
somewhat difficult [ __ ] I joined
special operations. I'm bit of an
extremist. That's who I am. Like I'm
okay with it. I am an extremist. I go
way too far with everything. All right.
But that's allowed me to be successful,
but it's also put strain on things at
times. and it's made me go from likeund
like 260 lb with a six-pack to 260 lb
and fat as [ __ ] Like I'm an extremist,
right? So I don't like the middle ground
and I have to be okay about that. And
what that means is that it's going to
put some people off, but I have great
relationships with the people that I
care about and I don't [ __ ] people over.
I'm super fair, right? part of my ADHD
is that like it's very common is to have
a vitriolic sense of fairness that you
stick to and that you expect others to
stick to as well. Um, and I have that in
spades. I also, you know, have a bit of
a hero complex and that's one one of the
other reasons why I joined the army. And
so all these things like you just got to
understand that about yourself and be
okay with it. Um, and then from there
that allows you to also have compassion
for other people because I think that
there's a real issue with sales judging
people and the nomenclature that we use
is like, "Oh, that lead's not worth
talking to, that they don't have any
money." And I think that there's a
really terrible thing that's happening
because I I I hear 22year-olds saying
that they don't want to speak to broke
leads that make less than 10k a month or
whatever. I just think that the
psychological damage that's being done
by saying that someone's not worth
talking to because they don't have
enough money when you yourself don't
have enough money to be spoken to. I
just don't think that's going to end
well for people. And I think that that
combined with the fact that people are
on Tinder to meet chicks and meet guys
and that they can just go next next
next. You know, they're being taught
this inbound closing only [ __ ] where
it's like only teed up leads and it's
like no wonder that like Gen Z's have
stopped dating, right? They're waiting
for lay downs. They're waiting for wives
and husbands to be presented to them.
They're waiting for everyone just to
give you stuff. And that sucks because
the stuff that you learn along the way,
it teaches you about yourself. Getting
rejected hurts and it sucks. People
telling you to [ __ ] off on the phone can
hurt and it can suck, right? But it's
it's part of that natural and
progressive skin thickening that happens
over time. And so that you can get to
the point one day where you go, "Mate,
[ __ ] do what you want, buddy. It
doesn't affect me." And when you can
truly say that, that's when you start
making a lot more sales. And if you can
figure out a faster way to get there,
then I would recommend doing it. You
know what I mean? And comparison is the
ultimate thief of joy. If you are happy
being where you are and doing what
you're doing, then there is you don't
owe it to anybody to do anything else,
right? As long as it's moral and good
and that you're not a total piece of
[ __ ] and scamming people, whatever. But
like, if you're making 10K a month as a
sales rep and everyone's pressuring you
to do more and more and more, but you're
happy, just say, "But I'm happy." And
they won't even know what to think with
that because everyone's comparing
themselves to everybody else, right?
That's why I know tons of people who are
broke that have nicer watchers than me.
It It's just crazy. And it's all comes
down to the fact they would rather be
less successful but have people think
that they're more successful than be
insanely successful but have nobody
know, right? And that is something that
I have a real problem with and I find it
really sad. And you know, if you can
take one thing away from my content, it
it's that just be you for as long as you
physically can. And the people who like
you will stick around and the ones that
don't will tell you to [ __ ] off and
scream and yell and go and they'll just
leave and you'll never see them again.
So, who cares anyway? If you like me,
fantastic. If you don't, that's cool,
too, dude. Like, it doesn't bother me.
And that's because my personality will
draw in certain people and push away
certain people. And that is totally
fine. A magnet has two poles. If you cut
a magnet in half, you know what you get?
Like if you cut it right down the north
and the south, you just get a smaller
magnet with a north and a south. Cut
that in half again, splits in half
again. Cut in half, split in half again.
You always have a north and a south. And
so whatever positive elements of your
personality that you have will drive
negative aspects or be a negative aspect
to somebody else. And that's just the
way that it is. And if you want to try
and please everybody, then you're trying
to make, you know, a magnet with no
poles. And that's also probably not
going to attract anybody. It's also not
going to repel anybody. you're just
going to be a lonely [ __ ] shitty
life. And so stop watching motivational
[ __ ] and just understand and try and
understand what it is that you want and
do not compare yourself to other people.
Comparison is not beneficial in 99% of
use cases, right? It doesn't mean you
don't want to like look up to people,
but you you need to understand that
you're not looking up to the person,
you're looking up to the persona. And
that's very difficult. That's very
different. Also, you're not seeing the
full story, and you're only going to see
what people want you to see. And I've
seen behind the curtain of more
businesses than what you could possibly
imagine on more huge names than what you
could possibly imagine. I have been
asked to come in and help people who are
the guru of gurus, okay? Because certain
things couldn't be figured out. And I've
come in to help. And you know, I don't
talk about that because like one, it
doesn't really interest. I don't think
it benefits me to talk about, but two,
like I just don't really care, you know,
but nothing is really what it seems. And
so I try and be super transparent with
everything that I do, you know, but
again, like I'm not telling you
everything. Like why would I? You know
what I mean? And so just always be
careful when you're trying to live up to
an image of someone that doesn't live up
to the image themselves. This is a bit
of a different video, but I feel like if
I can get through and people can stop
being so sick ofantic about who they
follow, people can stop just trying to
live up to something that is unliveable
and that they can just sit back, figure
out what makes them happy and then do
that. Be a good dude, be a good chick,
treat people kindly, and just do what
makes you happy within the re of
morality and all kinds of that [ __ ] And
say no to things that are scummy. and
you know, be a good friend, be a good
family member, and I think you'll be a
hell of a lot happier than, you know,
trying to sell a billion dollars worth
of something that you hate to a bunch of
people you don't like, so you can do an
Instagram post and have followers that
you'll never meet give you a thumbs up.
It all seems kind of stupid when you put
it that way. So, yeah. Anyway, guys, if
you want more motivational content like
this, let me know. Hey guys, what's up?
Matt here, and I've noticed that a lot
of you are not subscribed. So, what I
want you to do is like go over and hit
the little subscription. Uh, it really
helps the channel out. And if you like
the kind of content that I do and you're
like, "Hey, how can I get similar
content but pay for it?" Then I have a
membership. You can go over and join
that at any stage that you want. It's
like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month, and we do like live Q&As. We have
a coaching call nearly every single day,
and there's like well over 100 videos,
and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So, if you want to check that out,
go for it. uh you know, sign up through
YouTube, cancel any time, all that kind
of good
