Hey guys, this is a podcast uh between a
rep that has absolutely skyrocketed his
success over the last little bit. It's
not a testimony or any of that kind of
[ __ ] It's just someone who's going
to break down the process of how they
went from not being successful to being
successful. Myself and Kaden are
interviewing him. So, I hope you enjoy
it. Watch all the way through to the
end. Bye.
So, all right guys, today we have
myself, Kaden, and Benoa. Right. So Ben
is one of the guys on our team been
coming on, but we wanted to come on and
kind of share his story because uh it's
pretty cool. So yeah. So Ben, how long
have you been with us now?
>> Uh go about to be four months at the end
of this month.
>> Okay. And what was it that kind of
prompted you to make the jump over to
the dark side?
>> Yeah. Um so I actually started this
summer at another imo. Um, and the big
reason to go there was, you know, I
switched from a captive agency because
I'm still pretty new to insurance,
right? I switched from a captive agency
to this other IMO with like two, three
times the the commission level that I
was.
>> What made you is was it just the
commission level that made you switch
from captive to the IMO? Because you
were insurance is brand new to you,
right? Like you got started in I think
March,
>> correct?
>> What were you doing previously?
Uh, I was at a large captive agency
called Globe
>> before that.
>> Oh, before that, yeah, let's rewind
here. I, uh, I was in I was in corporate
real estate. I was in corporate real
estate for about five years. Um,
>> totally different.
>> Things were going really well. Um, and I
just wanted more time to travel. I would
take like month-long trips at a time.
and I got away with it for a really long
time until I realized like, man, I think
I want to spend more time out of the
country than I do in the country. And
I'm looking for a career that would give
me that that flexibility, that freedom
to to be able to travel to all these
countries, to be able to take a month
off whenever I want and do all these
cool things without, you know, having to
attend to my clients 247.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That's cool. So, you started you
started captive. What took you from
captive to broker?
>> Yeah. So, um I was in a a place where
people wouldn't last very long. Uh I'd
say the average tenure there was maybe
like two to three weeks and it
essentially
>> long
>> that's pretty long,
>> maybe less. Uh there's a lot of people
like every every week we'd get on a new
a new meeting and we'd see you know a
whole new faces on the Zoom and
essentially what they do they were
hiring a bunch of you know 18 19 20 year
olds just trying to hire 20 people and
hopefully one or two or three of them
would stick um and what we essentially
got caught up into is is you know you
learn to produce and then you are
recruiting full-time. It was a full-time
recruiting gig, right? And you're
recruiting people that weren't licensed,
didn't want to be there, etc., etc. It
it was it was a hamster wheel that I got
out of. So I got out of that for I got
out of uh captive for that reason. And
yes, obviously way higher commissions in
brokerage. So
>> Okay. What what is it that drew to you
insurance in the first place?
>> Yeah. Uh funny story. Um I actually
[laughter]
I got recruited by an AI robot. I got
recruited by an AI robot and um it was
all of 2024 I traveled. I did not work a
single day. I went to like 24 countries
uh that year. Nice. And then I got back
into I got back into the country and I
was like, "All right, I need to like
look for a job." And I don't know if
like you know how your phone listens to
you or something. I don't know. I get
this text from like this AI Reva and I
was like, "Yeah, this is kind of
sketchy, but like I I'll I'll take the
interview. Like I am looking for a
remote job." Um I took it. They're like,
"All right, you're good. Now you just
got to get licensed." I was like, "Okay,
easy." Did it. and um I um was kind of
good at it just you know out the bat. So
it it it just started working out from
there.
>> Okay. All right. Perfect. And so I guess
like what like what do you think? So run
us through where you're at like right
now and then we'll go back a few months.
So like what are you what are you going
to do for like December?
>> December I'm going to do somewhere
between like 40 to 45,000
production personal production.
All right, that's awesome. What does
that mean for you in terms of like cash
in pocket?
>> Cash in pocket. Uh that's going to mean
probably like $20,000 in pocket with,
you know, a lot of future commissions to
come.
>> All right. So, did about 40k in
production and that means about like
after
like after lead cost about 20k in your
pocket. Is that right?
>> Yeah. About
>> Okay. Because a lot of people don't
realize that like with insurance like
you pay for your own leads and so people
can be making 50 60 80k a month but not
actually be profitable.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Right. Yeah. So, and that was the
case but like when you're at your
previous place, right? Like you were
kind of like killing it in the
production side, but you weren't
actually making any money. Is that what
it was?
>> Uh so at the captive agency you I wasn't
paying for leads, but the commission
rate was insanely low. And then I worked
when I switched to brokerage, uh, I went
to this other IMO for I was probably
there a month. I got out quick. Um, I
essentially, okay,
>> I had a a pretty good commission rate. I
just wasn't closing deals,
>> right? It it wasn't
>> it it wasn't a such a structured system,
right? You know, jumping to to a final
expense and I didn't really have any
coaching. And no, at that point I was
doing like I think I was there six
weeks. I think I did like like maybe
$15,000 total in production. Um,
>> that would have been like but like
compared to what most people do, I mean
that would have been pretty high.
>> Um, I probably spent close to that much
in leads.
>> That could be trouble.
>> Yeah. No, maybe a little bit less,
right? But like after the the software
licenses and all that, like I was
negative. I was negative. And that's
that's uh that's not including the
chargebacks and all that. I was I was in
the I was in the red for sure.
>> Okay. All right. Cool. And so like I
guess what what sort of brought you to
to Sniper Insurance?
>> Yeah. So
um I have always been the person of like
I want to be I want to be the best. I I
will do whatever it takes and I need the
resources and if I have all the
resources at my disposal, I will
leverage them and I will use them and I
and I and I will get to the point where
I'm, you know, top producing. And I just
didn't have that and I was searching for
it. And there's nothing more frustrating
than like searching for the resources
you need to do well at your job and not
having them. And I remember several
times I, you know, would go to the
manager and be like, "Hey, will you
listen to my call recording? Like where
am I going wrong? Like what? like why am
I not selling? Um,
and they had just so many people under
him, they they couldn't even really
listen to your call recordings or give
you one-on-one coachings or really even
group coaching. I just wasn't getting
it. So, I was really frustrated. And so,
I started looking for a third-party
sales coaching company. Uh, and that's
when I found Seventh Level. That's when
I found Kaden. I went to like an
insurance boot camp like online and like
you know everything I heard coming out
of Kaden's mouth you know about you know
sales techniques and how to do things I
was just like it it it struck me so hard
I was like oh my god like I found it
this is what I need to do. So I
>> to me it was always smooth though
because when we when when I recruited
you and and we started first talking um
I told you something about Matt and
myself was that we would always be kind
and we would always give you the best
advice but we weren't always going to
tell you what you wanted to hear which
we went through a little bit.
>> Yeah. True.
>> Walk us through that. What do what do
you mean?
And so, uh, I'd love to hear your side
of the story, Benois. Uh, but there were
a few different times where
it's just time takes time, right? And
you got up to speed pretty quickly, but
because you had came in from somewhere
else where you had a negative
experience, uh, I, you know, I think it
was probably like 2 3 weeks in, uh, you
were already profitable with us, I
believe, uh, but you wanted to be more
profitable. And uh I remember a
conversation uh where I was telling you
like, "Hey, the debt that you came in
here with, you can't put that on me. Uh
you came to me with that and we're
already making progress towards it." And
>> um but I'd love to hear from from your
side of things what that was like. Uh
because I think that even though we have
had conversations like that, we we come
back on the same page very very quickly.
>> Yeah, absolutely. So that's a good
point. So when I switched to brokerage,
I think I came in a little bit too
confident, right? Um it's a lot
different than, you know, selling to one
type of person, one product, all this,
right? It's a whole different world. And
I got really confident coming out and I
threw a lot of money at it. Um coming
right out the bat and very quickly I
started stacking up a bunch of debt. Um,
I think when I when I left the IMO over
the summer to come to Sniper, uh, I was,
you know, at about
$15,000 of debt just from a couple
months of being in brokerage. Um,
and,
uh, some of the conversations was like,
I, you know, I want to make money
faster. I want to get there faster. I I
want to pay this off now. I want to I
want to be making a ton of money, right?
Um, and some of those conversations were
like, you know, be patient. It'll come.
It'll come. And I think it was right. It
was going like this, like this. Okay. I
I wanted it to go like this. And it
almost did, you know. It It got It got
good pretty quick. I mean,
>> depend depends on the reference point,
right?
>> Sorry.
>> Depends on the reference points, you
know.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> It sounds like It sounds like it's gone
up pretty quick.
>> Yeah. Uh, but then out of nowhere,
right, it just I just I hit the groove
and I actually the the solution I found
to to get me there was the same exact
solution that that Kaden did when he was
just soul producing, right? I even I
have it pasted here on my computer,
right? One drill a day, one call
recording a day, one training video a
day, right? And and and that's what I
did every single day. Like I I took no
breaks. Um, it was, you know, you know,
training in the morning, calling all
day, and then at night I'd walk around
the track and listen to, you know, the
call recording and do the drill or
whatever. And and slowly but surely, you
know, the skills were getting up and up.
And you talked about, you know,
switching over to you guys, right? I I
noticed right away
just doing the onboarding, just doing
the onboarding stuff and and and having,
you know, not just all the stuff that
Sniper has, but all the stuff that
Empower Life Group, we have an awesome
IMO, Lasting Mark, like all the
resources that they have just from the
onboarding. In my first week, I had my
best week ever, right? like they walk
you through the science of the script
and then and then Caden's script and he
and he walks you through not just why do
you say this but like you're saying this
because you want to get this answer and
if you don't get that that answer then
you pivot to this and like you're
understanding the whole science about
why you're asking these questions and
then so you understand when to pivot and
how to pivot you're not just reading
words on a paper and like hoping it
sticks and and literally just from the
onboarding the next week I had my best
week ever right and I think my my second
week here I did like like eight or
$9,000 or something like that which was
almost what I did in a whole month my
last IMO right and just from the tool
the tools we use and the more dials we
can make with the everything right it
all all came together and it worked
really really well
>> wish it would have gone faster though
>> wish it would have gone faster
but uh and then this last month I I've
really been popping off um last week I
did uh I closed 13 deals. Um I did like
135 or something like that in
production, like 13,500 in production.
Um and yeah, since then I have I paid
off all my credit card debt. Now I'm now
I'm investing in in virtual assistants.
I'm investing in recruiting. Uh I'm just
gonna, you know, start building. It's
it's it's starting to get really really
fun. So that that's been my experience
so far.
What do you think from like you know
we're like a salesperson watching this
what do you think the the key difference
between I guess
you know let's put structures and
companies and stuff aside but from a
sales perspective what what are the key
differences that you're feeling in
yourself or your skill set between when
you were you know sort of breaking even
versus being super profitable
>> yeah how I feel now is if somebody
answers the phone and I get through the
first 30 seconds where we ask them to go
grab a pen, I feel like if they go grab
that pen, they're going to buy. Like,
I'm just like, "Yeah, hell yeah. They're
they're about to buy." Um because we
have all the tools now and I've learned
all the techniques and and everything
you can to like def diffuse every
objection there is. And like now I'm
just so much more confident, right? I
feel like someone comes on in 30
seconds, I have a feeling like that's a
sale.
>> Yeah. I think a lot of people have like
the the phone apprehension, right? You
know, they sort of do everything but,
you know, uh pick up the phone, dial or
like they don't they don't even want to
be in a situation where they can make a
sale. I think people are so scared of
rejection. Did Did you go through that
at all? Did you go through like the or
were you just sort of like power
through? It's like I don't mind getting
the nose. I I'd say I mean I I I had
previous roles where I had to do a lot
of cold calling and I I had to kind of
overcome a ton of objections and and
give rejection. I'd say coming into this
industry that was a big advantage I I I
had I didn't have that. I was never
really scared of objections.
>> What did you do before uh this?
>> I was in commercial real estate.
>> Okay. Where whereabouts?
>> Uh Atlanta.
>> Okay. Nice one. What what what what made
you leave commercial real estate?
>> Real estate's a good a good industry.
>> It it was really good and I was doing
really well. Um it was uh like I
mentioned earlier, right? I I started
traveling um and I was taking all these
trips and I was like I realized I wanted
to spend more time out of the country
traveling four or five weeks at a time.
Um, and I just needed a uh a different
career that would given me the freedom
that has given me the freedom now to
kind of, you know, put everything on
pause and go take a massive trip and
then come back, right? It's it's it's
perfect if you're looking for that
freedom.
>> All right, nice one. And so, you know,
from from let's let's walk through like
run me through, I guess, a typical day
that you do right now kind of to earn
the money, the journey.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um,
what I'm doing now looks a lot different
than what I was doing even a month or
two ago, right? I guess I'll I'll start
with that. What I was doing a month or
two ago was
>> kind of what I went over earlier, right?
In one day, I want to do, you know, if
we're having trainings, which we have
trainings every single day. It's
awesome. I learn something every single
day. I'll do a training. Uh, I'll listen
to one of my call recordings, and then
I'm going to do some of our our drills
that were trained in Sniper. Uh, so
really that's kind of all my skills.
Then the rest of the day just calling,
right? Just just straight up full
full-on producer.
>> Um, now we've gotten to the point where
I'm going to be still producing at a
very high level. Uh, but starting to do
more, you know, you know, filming,
content, recruiting, a lot of these more
leadership things. I already have people
on the team reaching out to me like
three, four times a day. Hey, how do you
do this? How do you do this? How do you
do this? And so like helping other
people more, learning what I've learned
in the past few months, and hopefully
getting, you know, all all boats rising
at the same time.
>> Nice one. What's what's the plan for you
for the next 12 months? Like what's the
goal?
>> Uh for the next 12 months? For the next
three quarters, I want to, you know,
continue doing, you know, 40 to $50,000
a month in production as I'm starting to
build out the team. I say three quarters
because I assume once I have, you know,
10 or so people on my team, I want to be
available for them. I want to be able
give them the time, the coaching that,
like, you know, Kaden and and Dana have
given me to help me. If someone's on my
team, I'm going to help them, right? I
need to be available for them. So, I
probably can't be producing 40 $50,000 a
month and have 10 people on my team. So,
I'm thinking after a few quarters, you
know, taper down a little bit, maybe
doing, you know, $20,000 a month in
production as I'm helping people under
me kind of ramp up. That is the plan.
>> Nice work. And what's the what's the
sort of recruitment plan?
>> Yeah, that's a great question. Um, you
know, one thing is, uh, at Empower,
we're we're building out a recruiting
funnel, which I'm I'm looking forward to
kind of participating in that. Uh right
now empower and in sniper right we have
an attraction model. Um so we're not you
know recruiting 25 18 year olds a week
that don't want the job. We're only
attracting people that like want to be
here and that are going to commit to
being here full-time. They have the
investment to be here uh the commitment
to be here and they want to get coached
and they want to learn, right? The
people that want are serious that want
to come and that want to learn like make
money and learn. Those are the kind of
people that we're attracting right now.
Um, and we're already attracting a bunch
of people. So, you know, piggybacking on
that attraction model, uh, as far as
becoming a lot more active in in social
media, which I've started ramping up to
now, actually just hired a social media
manager, video editor from the
Philippines. She's great. She's already
making me a bunch of videos. I posted
one weekend. Uh, so she's she's going to
kind of help me build that out. Um,
building out the social medias.
Um, and yeah, those are those are the
plans of now.
>> That's pretty cool, man. That should be
big things. Have you got like a have you
got like a northstar that you want by
the end of the year?
>> Like you want I want 10 people that
produce and want to do XYZ?
>> Yeah, I want at least 10 people that are
producing $20,000 a month. And I'm not
necessarily looking for
people that are going to come on and do
$20,000 a month, you know, day one, but
people that are willing to put in the
time, the commitment, the investment
that are that are willing to do
everything that I've gone through,
>> you know, that want to seriously, you
know, have do this as a career. I'm
looking for those kind of people and to
build them up to make them wildly more
successful with us than they would at
any other IMO.
Yeah, I think that is probably one of
the key differences like between what me
and Kaden wanted to do is like we just
didn't want, you know, 150 [ __ ] you
know, and then, you know, and then it
like just like let the cream kind of
float to the top itself. It's like we've
tried that in the past. It's just not
very fun.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and I just don't think it I
just don't think it's it's just like,
you know, having to do with, you know,
the dregs. But it's like if you sort of
make the barrier a little bit higher. I
don't even mean money like there's no
money to join. But it's like um you know
make the barrier of the expectations
higher. It's like we only want people
who are actually going to do stuff and
if you don't want to be on team do stuff
that's fine. Just just don't be here.
And then I think you know hold people
accountable. And I think our like our I
know my trainings are like they're not
like I'm pretty rough on people if
they're not doing what they're supposed
to be doing, you know, but it's like I
just don't see the point in mucking
around. Like you know, time is valuable
for everyone. Don't waste it, you know?
Like what are you what are you doing?
And I think one thing I noticed about
you straight away was like you sort of
you you came out bullet a gate. And I
think that is the way to do it. It's
just get in and go hard. So many people
they want to like sit back and like kind
of ramp it up slowly. And it's like what
are you doing?
Like why are you wasting all this time?
like the amount of making mistakes is
like one of the best things that you can
do, you know, just go and make mistakes
because like that's how you learn. You
look at how a kid learns versus an
adult. Kids learn so much faster because
they're not held back by not wanting to
make mistakes. They just go and try
stuff, you know? And it's like mistakes
can hurt, but man, I think that the the
things that you learn along the way and
the speed that you gain by just going
for it is 100x and it's just so much
more worth it. So, you know, I can we
can usually tell pretty early when
people are going to do well because like
they're just doing stuff straight away.
[clears throat] But those people who
kind of sit back and they're waiting for
things to be kind of perfect, it's like,
oh, well, it's never going to be
perfect, so you're never going to do
[ __ ] you know? I explain it like uh for
for people that have kids uh I explain
it like when you have your first kid and
I don't know if you remember this Matt
or if you felt this way but I know I
felt this way. We had the first one and
as we were leaving the hospital you know
they help you get the baby in the car
and everything and as we start leaving
and we're driving home there was just
this feeling in me like holy [ __ ] are
they sending me home with this baby?
Like we're supposed to take care of this
thing now? Uh, we don't know what we're
doing
>> and what you figure out, you know.
>> Yeah. You go all slow,
>> get white knuckles.
>> Yeah.
>> By the ninth one, you just like, [ __ ]
>> Yeah. You just throw them
in.
>> Exactly. Yeah. The old one takes the
little one home, right? Yeah. So,
>> yeah.
>> Yeah. It's uh Yeah. Great analogy.
>> Yeah. You're never ready. Just go for
it. And so, um, yeah, I I think like I
noticed that from you straight away. It
was just like, get in, do work, do
stuff. The questions you asked were
good. It was like they were relevant to
what you're doing and it wasn't just
like this random ethereal [ __ ] you
know, which then tells me like, oh,
you're actually thinking about stuff.
You know, most people, you know, don't
try and think about their problems. They
don't try and think through an actual
solution. And so like I if if you think
if you actively try and think through
the solution and and then try hard with
activity, you're going to be ahead of
99% of people immediately,
you know. Um what's something that you
would tell some people who are like I
guess you know in a weird spot, maybe
they're in an IMO, maybe they're in, you
know, something like that, but they're
just kind of not happy. Like what's the
advice that you would give them in terms
of like how like how do you get out of
that, you know, because you're in tough
spot?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um
if um if if you're the type of person
that um that all you need is is the
coaching, the resources, the guidance,
like if if if you just need the
resources,
like man, it's it's possible. We have
everything on like, you know, accessible
at our fingertips, right? If you're if
you're the type of person that doesn't
matter what IMO you're at, you're the
type of person that doesn't want to put
in the activity. Maybe you're scared of
rejection.
Honestly, this maybe this isn't the
industry for you, right? Like there's
not going to be another imo where you're
going to come switch over and be like,
"Oh my god, the leads are so good here.
Like now I'm making money." Right? It's
never about the leads, right? It's never
about that. But if you want
>> who ones with the money,
>> if you want the coaching, the guidance,
and the strategy, and like learning how
to actually sell, man, this is the place
to do it. Uh my business has taken off.
>> Awesome. Well, dude, like I'm super glad
to hear it because uh you came in, you
did the thing, and it's been really good
to see, and I'm glad that you're out of
debt and, you know, back in debt because
you just bought a bunch of new
furniture, but we won't talk too much
about that, right?
No, but seriously, dude, well, well
done. It's good to see like I I I hate
seeing, you know, when when people, you
know, like I' i've been in tough
financial positions. Kaden has like
everyone has and it's it's a frustrating
and and scary place to be sometimes but
you know to work your way out of it is
like it's a new uh it's a new level
unlocked right because now you know you
can and so you already taken some swings
but I look forward to see the the swings
that you take now that you know you can
you can dig yourself out of a hole you
know what I mean it's a good skill set
that everyone needs to learn at one
point you got to touch the oven to know
it's hot you know what I So,
>> so yeah, dude. Well done. Seriously,
well done. It's uh it's good to see and
uh I look forward to seeing you have 10
10 producers with 20K at the end of the
year.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Tibet ends up being more than that.
>> Yeah. And where can people find you?
>> Yeah, you can find me on my Instagram,
uh Benois Lifegroup. I can uh I can get
pass it to you after this.
Yeah, perfect. We'll we'll link it down
below.
>> No, I'm sorry. Benwa live team.
>> Oh, there we go. Benois.
>> We spell Ben. How do we spell Beno?
>> N O I T. T is silent.
>> The T is silent.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. All right, dude. That's awesome,
man. Well, it was great to chat to you
and uh I look forward to seeing the
successes. Go. Everyone watching this,
go and check out Go and check out Benoa.
