Here's what nobody tells you about sales
training, sales styles, and actually
trying to close more deals. Once I
figured this one thing out, everything
in sales seemed to make a little bit
more sense to me. And closing deals came
much more naturally. And in 15 years of
being in sales, this is one of my
biggest aha moments. The one thing that
nobody tells you about sales training
and sales styles is that there is no
right, there is no wrong, there is no
better, no worse. There's what works
with your personality and what works
against it. And in today's video, I'm
going to teach you exactly how to find
the right style of selling for your
personality. Okay, so sales styles. So,
we're going to be going through them
first. I'm going to give a quick
overview. So, we've got sort of the
questionbased more neutral think style.
We've got more of a tonality and like
framing showman style. Okay? So, think
Jordan Belelffort. We've got like a
relentless closer style. All right?
Think Grant Cardone. And then we've got
like the inspirational storyteller.
Okay? and think like kind of Zigg
Ziggler. What do these styles look like?
Okay, here's a quick clip of friend of
mine, Denon Nissan, from her final
expense still sales. Okay, and we're
going to be going over what she does.
>> Are you calling about information on
final expense life insurance today?
>> Uh the family protection plan uh for
seniors.
>> Yeah, that's exactly right. Um perfect.
And are you between the ages of 50 and
85?
>> Yes, I am. And for discount purposes, do
you have an active checking or savings
account?
>> All right, cool. So, the defining
characteristics of this style is calm,
neutral, strategic questioning. Okay,
any PQ type stuff. Really good.
Fantastic. Especially for certain types
of personalities. You're going to come
across disarming, consultative, and you
draw the prospect's kind of problems out
and you and you draw them into you.
Okay. The strengths are you make the
prospects feel really comfortable,
right? And you're steering things
subtly. When done well, it's beautiful.
Okay. It's very very hard to beat. uh
when done really well. Um that's if
you're kind of uh if if you're naturally
very reserved, okay? Uh then you run the
risk of disappearing. You'll need to add
more energy. So what what happens is
like if you're kind of a meek meager
person, I'm just going to, you know, I
don't want to be pjorative, but that's
kind of the way that it is, right? If
you're someone who's not very
forthright, I'll put it that way, and
you use like really leaned out, neutral
questioning, it can make you sound like
you're trying to justify your own
existence um all of the time. And so it
it people don't buy from people who
aren't confident. So one of the things
that you risk is if you're someone who's
not confident and using a style like
this, it can make you significantly
worse. Um if you don't understand how to
use it really, really well. Um just
because neutral and neutral and neutral
and neutral combined equals passive and
that equals [ __ ] which means no one
wants to buy. If you're naturally
outspoken, it's going to smooth out the
edges. It's going to make your super
forthright tone a lot more neutral,
which is going to very much help you and
help you close more deals. Case in
point, me, when I adapted a style like
this, I significantly increased my
income because instead of me going like
um, you know, asking really basic sales
question like, "So, why is that
important to you now, though?" Right? I
can go, "So, why is that important to
you now, though?" "So, why is that
important to you now, though?" Or even
just adding things like, "Possibly." So,
hey, it looks like you're looking to get
some help with your sales. Is that
right? Hey, it looks like you're looking
to possibly get some help with your
sales. Is that right? So, even just
adding in a possibly with the same
tonality, it it it like lessens it. But
if I go, hey, hey, it looks like you're
looking for some some help with your
sales. Is that right? Hey, it looks like
you're you're possibly looking for some
help with your sales. Is that right? It
makes it way worse if you add the
possibly in that, right? Which is a sort
of simplification, but there you go.
Okay, so that's that one. Then you've
got the tonality and the framing
showing. Okay, Jordan Belelffort, great
stuff. Straight line, super like boom.
It's called straight line for a reason.
I think it's great for beginners. Uh
it's also good for advanced, right? It's
a good selling style. There's no no
shade on it. Committed Coaches is a
business that I work with. Um they do $7
million a month and it's all straight
line.
>> So again, I'm asking for one shot, 30
days, and believe me, you're going to be
a client for life. Sound fair enough.
>> Look, I have to say the numbers, but it
sounds very simple.
>> Perfect. So let's open up the account
now. There we go. Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
>> All right. All right. So the style is
high energy, persuasive tonality, future
pacing, right? This will happen. This is
going to happen. It's very, very
assumptive and very forward. Okay. You
come across exciting and certainty
driven is a really important one there.
You can't fake certainty driven. Okay.
Um, so the strength, you get the
prospect all like hept up on Mountain
Dew. All right. I'm going to come at you
like a spider monkey, right? And you get
the job done fast. It's called straight
line because the fastest distance
between two points is a straight line.
So, it's supposed to be fast selling.
All right. If you're naturally reserved,
okay, it can do a good job of pulling
you out of your shell, okay? Because it
does kind of force you a little bit to
be more outspoken, but it can be
difficult. But if you are someone who's
a little bit naturally meek and meager
or a little bit passive and leaned out,
okay, then it can be a good way to kind
of counter that a bit. But if you overdo
it, you're going to seem like you're
trying too hard. So, it it is one that
kind of sits, you know, in a bit of a
nebula zone, which fits a lot of
personality styles because they're not
extreme on either end. Okay. The Grant
Cardone Smash style, okay, which I think
is a lot of fun. I've done a lot myself.
It's high pressure, persistent action
first, right? Um, you know what I mean?
There's there's a great clip of Grant
selling a 30K program. He absolutely
smashes it.
>> Yeah. Well, let me let me explain to you
that it's not 1,500 a month. It's
$36,000.
>> Is that yourself? plus the $4,000
startup fee, which means it's $40,000. I
need you to think about a $40,000
decision, not a $1,500 a month decision.
Okay? So, you're going to come across as
relentless, bold, unafraid, all that
kind of good stuff. It is a certainty
driven boom boom boom boom boom smash. I
my my level of internal conviction and
confidence will be the thing that gets
you over the line, right? Does have a
natural tendency to oversell. Okay? So,
which can lead to higher refund rates,
etc. but them to the brakes. Okay. Um if
you are someone who is really outspoken,
you become a bulldozer, right? So you
end up sort of absolutely relentlessly
smashing people and they will you will
get a lot of refund requests. If you're
someone who's a little bit more
reserved, this is a really good counter.
You know what I mean? Because your
tonality is a little bit more reserved
and leaned out, but everything that
you're saying is very forthright. And so
it can be a good smoother smoothener.
All right. the inspirational
storyteller. Think Zig Ziggler Ziggler.
Okay, I'm not sure if you've ever seen
Zig Ziggler's cell, but here's a clip of
him doing his wizardry. Reduce stress.
And incidentally, the same process that
reduces stress is exactly the same
process that will enable you to have a
long-term balanced career.
>> All right, cool. So, he is just straight
up charisma. He's risen a bottle, ladies
and gentlemen. He is someone who can
sell eyes to an Eskimo. He is what
people think of when they think of a
really good sales rep. That is what
they're thinking. He seems trustworthy.
He's positive. He builds really good
rapport and people just like him, right?
It is a great sales style. It's
charismatic selling. And if you don't
have charisma, it's a very difficult
thing to fake. Okay? So, if you're
someone who's naturally reserved and you
can adapt and start to use this, it will
make you sell better for sure. Even if
it's not the way that you sell, but it
will really help out because it will
give you a bit more conviction, bit more
charisma, build a bit more, you know,
more presence to yourself. And if you're
someone who sells uh and you're really
forthright, the stories can make you
help people emotionally open up. Okay,
so personality types, the commander,
direct results, okay, just smashes. The
risks are that you're aggressive and
dismissive. So that's the risks. There's
pros and cons to everything. If you're
someone who's super dominant, use a more
consultative or questionbased neutral
selling, right? The social persuader,
someone who's enthusiastic, outgoing,
people oriented, someone who's just like
got the natural the natural salesperson,
you could call it that way, right? Good
thing is you build a lot of rapport, you
keep conversations going, great
long-term follow-up, good for B2B, stuff
like that. This is not going to be a
super good high ticket closer just
straight up. So, the risks are that you
may oversell, skip details, get off
track, super long calls, okay? Not as
long as this guy, but long calls, okay?
If you add more of a structure and that
more of a straight line, it's going to
it's going to do well for you, okay? If
you've got the supporter, this is
someone who's like just super
empathetic, okay? It's me. When you guys
think of empathy, I throw you the
picture of me, right? The problem is
with like the really empathetic guys is
that like they go just too deep in the
weeds. Way too deep in the weeds. So in
order to keep it a little bit more, you
know, on track, it can be good to use
something a bit more forthright. Okay.
And then we've got the analyst, which is
someone who's super detail oriented,
right? And you know, sort of like the
selling artist, if you will. Okay. So
how do you put them together? Pros,
cons, what do they actually mean? Okay.
This is something that has helped me
tremendously,
tremendously in sales by understanding
this and uh on my coaching calls that I
do in the membership which you can uh
check out down below. 49 bucks for all
like you know tons and tons and tons of
extra content or if you want to pay 149
you get a whole bunch of sales training
uh coaching calls every week. We're
adding about 25 more coaches. So good to
go. Check it out if you want to. Link in
the description as they say. So the
personality, the commander, the natural
tone is forthright and direct. The
issues you face too direct, combative,
okay, high refund rates, no follow-up.
You're just burning leads, right? It's
the bridges that you burn. Natural
upside leads and product. You're
tenacious. You're absolutely tenacious.
Okay. What style do you need to counter
the negative effects and enhance the
positive effects of your personality?
You need NPQ type selling,
questionbased, neutral. You need to
neutral yourself out a little bit.
That's what's going to make you better
because you've got this super
forthright, okay, which is fantastic.
However, it it leads to things in sales
that can be uh negative. And so, if you
can find a sales style that balances you
out well, that's going to get you the
most amount of sales. If you're that
natural persuader person, you're high
energy, enthusiastic, you have long
coals, you go down rabbit holes, and you
you you you get lots of think about it
objections, okay? but you're good at
rapport building and you have good
follow-up. More neutral word choice with
an increased adherence to a script will
prevent the long rabbit holes and the
long calls. Okay. So, I think either a
straight line, okay? Or like a straight
line type scripting with any PQ
neutrality would be great for you. All
right. Then you've got the supporter.
Empathetic and curious, but you get
people to overthink and your
conversations are way too long and you
can't challenge them. So you should go
Cardone smash, okay? Because you don't
have it in you to really smash like
Cardone. But that's a good thing. Okay?
So the nurturing and supportive tone
that you give countered by a more
aggressive communication style is a very
good combination. Then you've got the
analyst. Okay, pragmatic. You need to
fake a non-aututistic personality. So
you've got to do like storytelling.
Okay, you have to add in elements of
storytelling and add in elements of that
more charismatic zigzaggler buying
style. Okay, sorry selling style because
that's what's going to help get you
those emotional buyers over the line and
there's more emotional buyers and
non-emotional buyers. Okay, so this is
the blueprint that that I've sort of
used myself. I sell in a whole bunch of
different styles and none of them are
right, none of them are wrong. None of
them are really better or worse. It's
more contextual than that. And this is
how, you know, I've figured out how to
help people figure out what's right for
them. I don't sell any of these, so I
don't really have a dog in the fight.
But yeah, I hope that was helpful
because it was tremendously helpful for
me. If you guys like this kind of
content, make sure you like and
subscribe. Share this with a friend.
Help this get out there so people stop
buying the wrong sales course. Hey guys,
what's up? Matt here. And I've noticed
that a lot of you are not subscribed.
So, what I want you to do is like go
over and hit the little subscription.
Uh, it really helps the channel out. And
if you like the kind of content that I
do and you're like, "Hey, how can I get
similar content but pay for it?" Then I
have a membership. You can go over and
join that at any stage that you want.
It's like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month, and we do like live Q&As. We have
a coaching call nearly every single day,
and there's like well over 100 videos,
and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So, if you want to check that out,
go for it. uh you know, sign up through
YouTube, cancel anytime, all that kind
of good stuff.
