In this video, I'm going to teach you
the tone trinity. These are things that
you can do in order to get the most
predictable answers possible from your
prospects. What we're going to be going
over today is word choice, intonation,
and pacing. Those are the three things
that combined create an extremely
predictable sales process, and it allows
you to be perceived and have your
intentions extremely clearly met. So,
uh, what is word choice? That's where
they're using like soft versus harsh
words, neutral or definitive. Um, you
can break it down into like if I want to
use time frame based words or if I want
to use tangible based words. And I'll
show you that in a second. We're also
going to be going over intonation, which
is the rise and fall of your voice. So,
uh, emphasizing and also just overall
like whether you're using like a breathy
tone or nice, hey, how you going? Or
hey, how you going? Then we're going to
be over pacing. So, speeding things up
and slowing things down. what that does
in communication and then how it affects
exactly uh the structure of your
sentences and then what that does to a
prospect and how you can use it to your
advantage in order to get the outcomes
that you're looking for. So there's a
fantastic book called we love you Magoo
and it's a children's book and it's a
great example of how the exact same
sentence can mean completely different
things given context and intonation. So,
it can massively change the way that
someone perceives the question and you
can be extremely clear and get very very
predictable answers. So, I'm going to
give you a a sentence that's going to be
the exact same sentence just said
different ways. Uh, and and the sentence
is no, this is for you. So, no, this is
for you is a calm and neutral clear
clarification and it's just correcting
someone gently. No, this is for you.
Okay. No, this is for you. The emphasis
on the this is because maybe they're
confused about which of the items is
theirs. Okay? So, you're clarifying
which of the things is for them. You're
contradicting someone who said it isn't
for them. Okay? You're like, or you're
reassuring them like, don't argue, it is
really yours. So, no, this is for you.
No, this is for you. No, this is for
you. Then you've got, no, this is for
you. Emphasis on the you. It gives you a
a stronger focus on the recipient. So,
it could be reassuring or you could just
be being dramatic. There's lots of
different ways, lots of different uh
iterations of each one of those, but
that just goes to show an emphasis on a
word will give you far more context. And
given other things that are happening,
whether it be pointing or whether it
being a picture or whether it just being
uh the rest of the previous
conversation, if you are uh not
intentionally uh using sentence
structures in this way, then you are
leaving yourself open to having a lot of
different variables enter when you're
doing a sales call. And what that means
is that it's very difficult to one coach
you, but two actually be able to get a
predictable enough answer to where you
know that what you're doing is working
and getting better at it, right? I've
used the shooting analogy a lot. But if
I'm if if there's gusts of winds that
are randomly happening all the time, you
know, then I I I can't learn how to
shoot better, right? I need to go in an
environment where I can have something
that's constant so that I can make sure
that, you know, my whole body is lined
up correctly because there's a lot of
variables that can happen there. then I
can move to an environment where there
might be me lots of wind. Then I can
learn how to read wind. That's just what
you can do with like emphasizing. Okay?
And you can tactically emphasize words
to dictate the prospect to think or feel
in a particular way to get more
predictable answers. Okay? So a real
sales focused one would be like well why
is that important to you now though?
Okay. So the sentence is why is that
important to you now though? I can go
well why is that important to you now
though? Okay. You're going to get them
thinking in terms of time frame. I can
go why is that important to you now
though? Now, if we bring everything
together, we're going to learn in this
video, it's I'm going slower on why is
that pause important to you now, though?
So, it's like it goes much faster at the
end, which uh devalues the rest of that
statement, you know, and I've got well,
why is that important to you? See,
faster now, though. Okay, pause,
emphasis. Okay, it's very clear cuz I'm
doing all three things. I'm emphasizing
a specific word. I'm using pacing. I'm
pausing and I'm emphasizing now which
makes it very very clear that I want you
to answer this in a very specific way
but it's very clear not in an obvious
way. It's clear in a subcontext way and
everyone in western society will pick up
on that most of the time which means
that you can predict to probably I don't
know like an 80 to 90% accuracy how
someone's going to answer that question.
So your probes, you can sort of turn off
part of your brain and you can just
really focus on what they're saying. Um,
and because you know how they're going
to answer that question. All right,
cool. So we got pacing. All right, so
that goes over intonation. Okay, so the
rise and fall and like the emphasizing
of different words. All right, pacing.
You want to sort of keep it nice and
neutral, like have a very particular
pace that you talk to. You don't talk
really fast. If you talk really fast in
sales, then it it makes people ask you
to repeat yourself a lot. And especially
if you're on the phone and if you're
dealing with like an older demographic
for example, um it can be really
difficult for them to keep up with you
or just even to hear you because they
don't see your mouth moving. There's
less context, there's less clues and
people will only ask you so many times
before they just stop asking you and
then just be like, "Oh yeah." So have a
nice general pace. Also, if you are fast
all the time, then when you do speed up,
it's it's going to be less noticeable
and it will have less of an impact. In
the same way where if you talk really
slowly then I no longer get to use that
as a tool but if I just talk at a normal
pace then I then I can slow down you
know I can speed up as well to make it
less important like I'm reading a PDS
statement disclosure. Okay. Same as
educating people. So when you're
coaching this is slower than what I
normally speak. I speak on this speed
when I'm educating because it's I can be
far more clearer with my intent than if
I'm just having a general chitchat. So,
how it works is if you are going faster,
generally speaking, you're brushing over
it, which is um devaluing that part of
it. It's not always the case, but that's
a good general rule. And when you're
going slower, it's more considered and
it is going to be considered more
important. Okay? If a prospect is asked,
okay, like what is it about the program
and service that you feel like could be
most helpful? And let's say they answer
with, well, it's the X and the Y and the
Z, right? I'm immediately going to probe
on Z. Why is that? because that pause
and slowing down denotes to me that it
is it is a high likelihood that it is
more important to them. And there's been
tons of times in sales where people have
said like, "Oh, you know, I really want
to be able to do this because, you know,
I remember one specific example, the guy
goes, I really want to learn how to do
this because, you know, I really want to
move to this place. I really want to buy
this house and I really I really want to
repay my dad." And that's slowing down.
There was a reverence to that. And I
said, "Repay your dad? What do you
mean?" Okay, first of all, as a dad, I
was like, why would you have to repay
your dad? Okay, now this is uh pick up
the Better Than Dean merch in the link
below. Dean's tears. For those of you
who don't know who Dean is, you're
welcome. All right, lucky you. Okay, a
lot of the time they'll tell you by
these slight cues what is important to
them. And then you can also slow down
when you want to have an answer. Okay,
so if you want to, if you're, you know,
going into your consequence type
questions, right? um you know your cost
of an action questions you might go well
what happens if you if you don't do
anything right so again slowing it down
right and if I'm earlier on in the
conversation I might be speaking a
little bit faster okay hey so what kind
of brought you here today right it's a
less important question hey so what
brought you here today so what brought
you here today okay it puts so much more
reverence and importance on it which is
not always a good thing it might be too
much too soon last one I want to go over
is word choice okay so neutral and
definitive harsh versus soft okay using
time versus tangible stuff like that.
But your word choice allows you to um
very precisely uh be perceived in a very
particular way. So as a general rule,
neutral words towards the top, more
definitive towards the bottom. You don't
want to be going like, "Hey, so I maybe
think you kind of sort of might be a
good fit for us." "Hey, based of what
you said, you're a good fit for us."
Okay, that's very different. Uh now,
here's a couple of examples. Okay, like
weight loss, so you're possibly looking
into getting help losing weight. Is that
right? Right. More definitive is so you
want to lose weight. Is that right? And
you kind of get the gist. Now, it's
putting all three of these together that
creates a sales call and and a sentence
structure where it is extremely clear
what you mean. What that means is that
they are easy questions to answer. I
hear so many vague and difficult to
answer questions and people are like,
"Huh?" You know, and they're trying to
kind of figure out a way to grasp
exactly what you're saying because
you're using double and triple speak and
it's just confusing and complicated. The
key is understand word choice to
intonation and pacing. And then when you
write a script because scripts help you
reduce variables. That's what they do.
Like you'll never meet a worldclass
anyone that doesn't have a very precise
way of doing something. As someone who
is a very highle shooter, I knew
everything about all the variables,
right? And I did things to reduce them.
And I use consistency as the key. And
like that's how you get good stuff. And
I did the same thing in sales. It's the
exact same principles, right? By being
able to master these three things, you
you can be really clear so it's easy to
talk to you. All right. Now, if you're a
beginner, the easiest like pacing thing
you can do is just pause. So, pause
before something that you want to
emphasize. That's it. Okay. So, it's
like why is that important to you now
though? Okay. I didn't have to use any
intonation, nothing. I just paused. That
will denote importance immediately.
Okay. If you are someone who is
naturally leaned out and very I'm going
to say passive by nature, neutral words
and a neutral tone will make you sound
like a and it will not help you.
Right? If you are naturally more
forthright than using neutrality to
neutralize that, I guess for lack of a
better term, is a really good thing.
Someone like me who's very forthright,
neutral language or neutral words maybe,
might be possibly, "Hey, it looks like
you're possibly looking to get some help
with your weight loss. Is that right?"
I'm still very forthright. Hey, it looks
like you're you're you're maybe maybe
possibly looking to get some help with
your weight loss. Is that is that right?
I sound like a horrible and nobody
wants to buy from me. So, you you have
to realize good advice is not good for
everybody and bad advice is good advice
for some. And and so, um there are very
few definitives within communication
because there's a lot of context that's
required. So, I'll give rules, but I'll
give some caveats to them. Generally
speaking, keep a nice neutral pace
because it will give you more mobility
up and down. The easiest intonation
things to do is just pausing and
emphasizing. Those are really easy to
do. And when it comes to word choice,
you generally speaking, more neutral
towards the top, more definitive towards
the bottom. However, I will caveat that
with saying you should use more neutral
the whole way through if you're very
forthright. And if you're a very
withdrawn person, then I would use more
definitive the entire way. A great way
to know which one you are is if somebody
cuts in line, do you say something?
Okay, it's a very good barometer. I will
say something 100% of the time. I will
never let someone not know that, hey,
you cut. I don't care if they're way in
front of me or way behind me. I don't
care. It's not happening on my watch.
Right? If if you like, oh no, I wouldn't
you know that, then chances are you're
not super forthright, not a bad thing,
just a thing. So, that's a good
barometer that you can use. Hey guys, I
hope this was helpful, right? I'd love
you to like, subscribe, hit the
notification bell, all that kind of good
stuff. Let me know down below what kind
of other content you want me to do,
whether it's really specific sales
content.
