You get all the way to the end of the
call and then the person just out of the
blue is like, "Mate, I cannot afford
this. This is just way too much money."
You sit there, you clam up, you're not
quite sure what to say. Or maybe you
have some sort of script that you half
know. But in this video, I'm going to
give you the exact step-by-step
structure that I used to handle [music]
money objections in about 10 different
industries, making seven figures a year
as a sales rep, also running multiple
businesses myself. I'm going to give you
the framework, the scripts, the dos, the
don'ts, everything that you need in
order to actually learn how to
consistently and predictably handle the
MONEY OBJECTION.
>> SHOW ME THE MONEY.
>> All right. So, when we're looking at the
[snorts] hierarchy of objections and
what you need to be thinking when
someone gives you that objection so you
don't have like a visceral reaction, um,
because I think that a lot of the time
the reason why most people struggle with
objections is because they think that
they're turning into like salesy mode,
which just shouldn't be the case. So
you've got your main categories here
which is like money, partner. Um
[snorts] and then you've got uh think
about it or time and think about it.
Okay. So now we want to have a
hierarchy. So it's like top to bottom,
left to right. So one one two three
four. Okay, there we go. And then we've
got two categories of each one. Whether
it be real or perceived. So you could
say like logistical or fear, whatever.
It doesn't really matter. But
essentially, a real money objection is
where they do not have the funds. Don't
mistake this with someone who doesn't
want to do it or who can't do it or who
shouldn't do it. This is just someone
who at that present moment in time
doesn't have the funding to be able to.
And so, we're going to treat them
slightly differently. We're going to go
through the same initial process, but
then from there, we're going to initiate
follow-up, yada yada yada. A perceived
money objection may be either they don't
see the value, but they do have the
money. Um, or it might be really really
>> or it might be considered something like
a fear objection. Okay. Now, with
partner, you've got the same sort of
thing. Okay. We're not going to be going
over these other ones today, but what we
want to focus on is the money, the real,
and the perceived. So, when someone
gives you like a barrows of objections,
hey, this sounds really good. I need to
go away, check my finances, make sure
that my accountant's on board, run it by
the wife, and then like what do we do?
Get together in like two weeks or
something like that. And then, you know,
can you send me an email like with all
the stuff? It's like what do you do with
that? The answer is that you go like,
"Okay, money aside, do you feel like
this could be the answer for you?" Which
we're going to go into the scripting and
exactly how to handle a money objection
a little bit later on, but I want you to
understand that, you know, if they have
a partner objection, it's that their
partner, they want to go and talk to
their partner about spending the money.
If they have a time objection, it's
like, does the timing work out with
spending the money? And if they want to
think about it, they want to think about
spending the money. It is almost always
going to be the money and having a good
money handling uh process is essential
and it doesn't mean that you will like
magically overcome all money objections.
What it means is that you uh don't screw
up money objections and you don't ruin
sales that can be made due to your lack
of preparedness. Okay, let's go through
just some baseline things about
objections so that you have the correct
mindset going into it. Because if you
don't have the right mindset, it's going
to be difficult for you uh to be able to
not get frustrated or like bring the
wrong energy to it because if you do,
they will assume that you're salesy and
then it becomes a very difficult
conversation from there on. Okay, so
first and foremost, objections are
inevitable. Okay, there is nothing you
can do or say that will stop or prevent
all objections. Concerns and objections
are fair enough a lot of the time,
especially if you're asking for people
to do large sums of money in relatively
short sales cycles. So, they're
inevitable, so we shouldn't freak out.
It'd be like, you know, um you know, a
dolphin trainer being like
catastrophically terrified or surprised
and shocked that they have to get wet.
Like, that's a stupid thing. Okay. Not
having understanding of a process makes
you a [ __ ] It doesn't make the
prospect have a bad mindset. If you like
go
and you stammer and stumble your way
through because like you lock up, that's
not a bad lead. That's a bad rep.
>> Yeah. All right, man. Would you want to
have you have you got a few minutes to
chat
>> today, Junior?
>> So, you need to have a process and the
probably with objection handling
specifically, the more scripted the
better. Um because you want to fall back
on your training. It's sort of like the
reason why in the army they get you to
blindfold yourself and be able to take
guns apart that way is because you're
never going to have to do it blindfolded
in real life, but you're going to have
to look up at the enemy and you're going
to have to do it. Okay? So, that's a
really dialed in process that has to be
ingrained into your head and it has to
be borderline subconscious and then you
can you can use it when you need it the
most. Okay? You have to understand as
well that you can do things perfectly
and they still won't buy. This doesn't
mean that your process needs tinkering
or tweaking. What it simply means is
that humans be human and people be
peopleing and you can do it perfectly
and they don't buy and you can pretty
much [ __ ] the bed the entire way through
the call and they still might buy. And
so with that, what we can learn is that
chasing perfection is ridiculous. It's a
stupid pursuit. And what we're looking
for is a good process that
[laughter]
is a good process that gets the most
amount of sales most of the time. that
there is no perfect process. Okay? When
in doubt, went over this before. When in
doubt, just handle money. If there are
tons of different things being thrown at
you, just handle money. Okay? Always
assume that it's logistical. Don't think
that it's fear. A lot of people,
especially in the high ticket space,
tend to go like mindset fear very
quickly. I think that's because uh
there's two reasons. One, it seems like
a cool thing to do. It's a skippy toilet
thing to do, however old you are
watching this, okay? um and like the
reframes and stuff seem fancy. The other
reason is because it gives you a copout
that you can say the person had a bad
mindset when in reality they just had a
money concern that you didn't know how
to handle. But assuming that it's
logistical is the safest and best way to
go because um if you if you you couldn't
be wrong, but there's no big deal
because you're going to move on to the
next part of the process anyway. But if
you're wrong and you assume that it's
like perceived or fear and you start
beating someone over the head with a
mindset bat that just has to move some
money from A to B, you're going to lose
the sale. The next one is um pitch high
and roll downhill. So, this is one of
the ones that I see people get wrong all
the time and it makes handling money
objections. And like in a minute or two,
I'm going to go through the exact
scripting, but that scripting is very
it's very difficult to pull off if
you've pitched with like and there are
payment plans available because you're
removing a section and everything is
designed for a reason. And and so if you
say that one, you'll never get pips
because like why would somebody piff if
they're offered a payment plan? And the
second thing is that you want to start
high. I'll go through an example in a
second, but you always want to start
with your highest possible price point.
Even if like there's a one, two, three,
five pay and the five pay is more
expensive than the one pay. You you say
the top price, but I'm going to go over
that in detail in a second. Don't uh
mention payment plan or uh and don't
make payment plans more expensive. Now,
you might not be the business owner.
That's fine. Um, you can have payment
plans that are more expensive, but I'm
going to show you in a second how to do
that to where instead of it's it's
framed as a PIFF incentive instead of a
instead of a payment plan kind of uh
disincentive, right? The stupidest thing
that I can do is go to someone and say,
"Oh, you don't have enough money. Well,
it's more expensive for you. That's
retarded." I think we can all agree upon
that. Comment [ __ ] in the comments,
right? Actually, you probably don't
because I'll probably get blocked off
YouTube, but you can if you want. Okay.
And then at the end as well, a little
bonus. I'm going to show you how to use
that to collect more cash. Okay? So,
stick around to the end. Okay. The next
sort of uh concept is that you need to
stop handling what they say and start
handling the underlying message. Okay?
Um so, what that means like if they're
giving you very specific reasons, right?
Or they're they're just sort of talking
around the like the problem. A lot of
the time what reps do is they like hone
in on these real specific things and
they try and like tit fortat people. You
want to just bucket it into
generalizations. So money time, think
about a partner. That's it. And so if
there's anything finance related, like
just deal with it as money. You don't
have to then go into the rabbit holes
because you want to get the concept
correct. All right. Most objections are
just money. The next thing you want to
do is you want to uh simplif and I'm
going to this will make more sense when
I go into the specific scripting, but I
want you to understand the concepts of
objection handling, especially with
money. You need to go away from a
transaction event and towards like a
thinking and a doing, which will become
more apparent in a second. Last thing,
this is the scenario, okay, about
pitching downhill. Let's just say that
you have a $10,000 product and it's 10K
or it's two payments of $5500 or three
payments of 4K. I would say it's 12K.
So, it's like, hey, it's $12,000 and for
this, like, you know, you know, in order
for us to XYZ, the funding required is
$12,000. How do you want to proceed?
Okay. So, I'd pitch it that way because,
you know, now I can do a three payments
of $4,000 and it's not all of a sudden
magically more expensive. Whereas, if I
go, "It's $10,000." And they go, "Could
you break it up?" And I go, "Yeah, it's
three payments of 4,000." They go,
"Well, hang on a second. That's
$12,000." Then what you do is you get
the objection which is like, "Well, I'll
wait till I can pay in full." And that's
a difficult one to overcome because you
are charging them interest. So, now you
either have to like reduce that price or
something. And so, it it makes it more
difficult. Whereas, like if I say,
"Okay, cool. Yeah, we can break that up
over two payments. And I go, "Yeah." And
they go, "Oh, we actually give an
incentive for only two payments as two
payments of 5500." Once I've gotten the
Yes. So now they're like excited and
stoked. It's like, "Oh, amazing." Then
what you can do, which is how you
collect more cash. Is you go is you take
the 5500. Then you go, "Hey, did I
mention that we actually give an extra
incentive if you pay in full?" "Oh, I
didn't. [ __ ] man. I'm so sorry." So
it's only $10,000. You only have another
4,500 to go and you'd save yourselves
like 500 bucks if you just want to pay
in full the rest of today. And it's like
if you have permission you can go you
can read the room and then go you reckon
you could do it by the end of the month.
They go yes and you go perfect I'll lock
in it for the 29th and then we'll do
that and you'll get your discount. Sound
good? Awesome man. And that's a great
way to collect more cash and bump them
from the three to the two to the two to
the one. Right? Because it's a really
easy thing to do. I do the same thing
with like deposits and stuff like that.
But that's how you can collect more
cash. That's how you can make sure that
you don't get that objection of like oh
I'm going to wait and how you can bump
them up. Now, what we're going to do is
we're going to go into the exact
specifics. Okay? So, uh the first thing
you say, and I'm going to say this very
specifically, you say, "Money aside, do
you feel like this could be the answer?"
Okay? Now, what that is not, it is not
if you had the money, would you do it?
Okay. So, if you had the money, would
you do it? Is leading towards the
transaction. That means that that the
question is super loaded with intent.
And I don't want that because when
someone's in this decision-making mode,
I want to remove the big decisions and I
want to give them a series of just
smaller ones. It's just a much easier
way for someone to process the
information. Money aside, do you feel
this could be the answer for you? It's
quite specific. All right. Um it it's
just like, do you feel like what we've
gone over will work? That's it. That's
what I'm asking. I'm not asking any more
than that. I don't want them to talk
about like doing it. Be like, you know,
if you had the money, are you in? Fair
enough. Like that's not what we're doing
here.
>> Give me money. Give me money. Give me
money. Give me money.
>> The question is is then designed to
reinforce that the things that you went
over on the pitch are going to work,
which [snorts] is very important because
it stops value objections and it
rebuilds the confidence in what you're
selling in their mind. It doesn't matter
if it's a car or a coaching program or
whatever. Now that what they have to do
is they have to go yes, I think it will.
Now, if they say no here, you're cooked.
You're done. I'm not doing a video on
that because something tragic has
happened and they just do not want what
you are selling. You have done a bad job
is what it is. We go okay money is side
effect. This could be the answer for
you. They could say yes. They could say
yeah I think so. Right? Anything like
that. We go toxic positivity. We go oh
why do you think it would? Okay. If they
go yeah I mean I guess it might. You'd
be like oh why do you think it would
though? Okay. So, I'm just trying to
take them to the next level of positive
because what I'm doing is I'm getting
them to reinforce their position. That
is still technically on the spectrum of
yes and no. That is yes. It is not no. I
think I guess it might. That's still a
yes. It's not a no. So, what we do is we
get them to reinforce why they've said
that. That makes someone go through
think about what you've presented to
them. Then they have to tell you again
with detail why they think that will
work to get them to their outcome. So
that's them coming up with it, not you.
It's a far more uh powerful way of doing
it. Now, there is a a a way that you can
push back here and go, "Oh, you don't
sound so sure." I do not recommend it
for anyone who's not very good at sales.
There's a lot of rabbit holes that it
can go down. Um, and it can be a very
good way of doing it, but it is high
risk, high reward. I just recommend
staying away from it for most people.
Okay. So, money aside, you feel this
could be the answer for you. Yes. Oh,
why do you think that's it? Okay. The
why is important whenever anyone does
anything that's like really within your
benefit. If you just probe and go, "Oh,
why is that?" and get them to justify
their position. If a woman walks up to
you or a guy walks up to you and says,
"Oh, you have pretty eyes." If you said,
"Oh, like what about them do you think's
pretty?" Now, that what they have to do
is give you the detail. And the detail
solidifies the opinion even more. Okay.
Now, is there anything about what we've
put together that you feel like is the
key to the castle for you? Okay, so
that's the next question. So, they've
given you yes, I think it'll work for
this reason. You go, okay, well, is
there anything that you think, you know,
from what we've kind of put together
would be the um like the key to the
castle for you? Okay, I use that because
it's a quite like a ubiquitous term.
What it's saying, it's like what is the
thing that you really need to take you
to that next level? Okay, I'm looking
for a specific because I'm going to use
that to then start problem solving, you
know, in like in a moment. So again,
it's all very very intentional. The
wording is very intentional. What this
is not is what part do you see the most
value in or which part do you feel like
would be the key to your results or like
you know what I mean? I'm I'm doing it
in quite a neutral way and it's a
genuine curiosity. Okay. We just really
want to get them like thinking about the
specifics and then we're going to probe
and clarify on that. Oh, why is that?
Yeah. Okay, cool. Now, the next part,
which is where if you pitch like a [ __ ]
and you do the payment plan thing and
comment pitch like a [ __ ] if you want
me to do a video on exactly how to write
your pitch out so that you don't end up
falling into these traps, [snorts]
right? But if you do that, then money
objections are tough. If you're like,
"It's $10,000 and there's payment plans
available and we'll finance it over 17
years. How do you want to proceed?" And
the inevitable question is like, "Well,
what are the payment plan options?"
Right? and you're not even getting a
chance to establish value and you can't
go money aside like because we just said
like they want to know about the payment
plan. So, it's kind of a ridiculous
thing to do. It just shoots you in the
foot and it really limits your
moveability, right? [snorts] So, um you
don't want to pitch like a [ __ ] All
right. Just doesn't doesn't work. Okay.
Okay. So, once we've gone through that
key to the castle question, it's like,
well, how can we come up with the funds
so you can get you insert the key to the
castle that they said? You know, the
insert. Oh yeah, access to yada yada
yada. So you can insert goal. So okay
man, like that that makes sense. Like so
what are some ways that we can come up
with the funds to where you can actually
get access to the team so that they can
do your editing, come up with all the,
you know, all the content ideas so that
you can actually start growing your
brand.
Okay, so that's really specific because
they just said that's the key to them
getting that right. And so we want to
then attach that to the goal and then
get on the same side of the table and
and go into problem solving mode
together. So what are some ways that we
can come up with the funds? Now you can
then go through a period where you like
can I make a suggestion credit card yada
yada yada. This might be where you go
through financing but this is also where
you can go through the payment plan
option. You can go is it the upfront
amount or if I broke it up would that
help you? And they go oh you can do that
cuz again I never mentioned it. I go yes
you can. Do you want to have that
conversation? Yes. Okay. Well it's
pretty typical right? you want to
normalize it. It's normal that people
just don't have that much in liquid like
when they come to us. Um so what we do
is we can break it up into and then you
go like two pay two payments. Would that
help?
Okay. Then what you do is you just read
the room. Now if they are silent for a
long period of time you go we could also
do three.
Right now if they just jump in and go I
can't do that whatever then you you
knock it down to kind of where you can
but don't just go to the bottom first
because then you got nowhere to go.
Okay. And you'd be surprised like just
having those options, right, where you
just hold your cards close to your
chest, take it nice and slow, be nice
and confident, and be like, "We can
break out of two payments. Would that
help you?" And if you're like, "Uh,
it's like, well, we could do three.
Would that work more within your current
budget?" Oh, yeah, it would. Okay, cool.
So, and then you get confirmation like
three payments of $3,000 30 days apart.
that works within your current budgetary
constraints. Yes. Okay. How do you want
to proceed? Okay. Then once you get that
yes, then you're done with money. And
the reason why you go, how do you want
to proceed because then they can give
you the next objection. Okay. Now, a
couple of the pitfalls to stay away from
is that if somebody if you get halfway
through this process or any way through
this [clears throat] process and you
haven't finalized that, so that works
within your current budget. before that
they might go, "Oh, yes, it could work,
but I need to speak to my partner. It
could work. It's not a yes." Okay, so
this is a time where we don't go toxic
positivity. This is where we go quite
skeptical. We really want to make sure
that everything is extremely clear and
that we've laid it out very, very
clearly. [snorts] Okay? So, if they go
like that, then what they're trying to
do is sidetrack you into partner. And
some of you or most of you would go,
"Oh, well, if your partner was here,"
and you don't finish the money, just
ignore that component of it. ignore it
knowing that you're going to deal with
it in a minute and go okay but XYZ
payments XYZ apart work within your
current budgetary constraints
they go yes you go okay how do you want
to proceed you don't say okay let's do
it you don't say like let's do the
transaction now you go how would you
like to proceed because then what it
does is it opens the door to them saying
yes let's do it or let me give you
another objection so therefore it never
gets combative because you're not const
constantly having to then try and pull
them back into the conversation. You
just never left the conversation. All
right, guys. So, I hope that was
helpful. That is how to handle a money
objection from start to finish. Uh all
the things to do, all the things not to
do. And uh like, subscribe, notification
bell, all that kind of good stuff. and
I'll see you in the next
