Have you ever been on a sales call and
at the end of it they go, "Oh man, I
just didn't think that it would be that
much." Um, or had someone be like,
"Okay,
I thought it would be a little bit
cheaper." Well, that is an objection not
many people talk about very much, but
it's called price shock. And in this
video, what I'm going to do is break
down exactly where it comes from, how
you can identify it before it becomes a
problem, how you can pre-handle it
because handling it just doesn't really
seem to work that much because you have
to go through all kinds of weird stuff,
arguing, but at the end of the day,
they're just shocked at the price and
sticker shock is a difficult thing to
overcome. I used to sell a lot of
fitness and you know, people think that
fitness can cost like 10 bucks a like a
month and you get free pizza on a
Thursday like Planet Fitness style.
people just don't really know how much
it costs. And so over the course of like
10 years of selling fitness, right? Uh
whether it be like gyms or personal
training, whatever, I I kind of got sick
of it. And so I developed what I think
is my own. Somebody might have done it
before me, but what I think is my own
sort of uh way of dealing and handling
this uh which is a pre-handle. So it's
very difficult thing to handle. I'm not
going to go into that because like sort
of you're much better off just figuring
it out and then having some way to
pre-handle it to give yourself the
ability to lessen the blow. That's where
and I'll give you a really good kind of
uh analogy for this and it's if I put
Jeff Bezos at a Bugatti dealership and
said, "Jeff, this is a $4 million
Bugatti." Like he wouldn't blink. He's
Jeff Bezos. He can afford it if he wants
it. And then but if I put him into a
Toyota dealership and was like, "Hey
Jeff, this is a $4 million Toyota like
he would [ __ ] his pants and he'd be
super shocked and he would reel back
from the price and go jeez." Right?
Because this the context doesn't make
sense. A $4 million Bugatti standard,
right? What color is yours? A $4 million
Toyota doesn't make any sense. Right?
So, um, what what that is is like
there's there's an expectation of
pricing that that individual brings in,
and we have to figure out a way of
seeing if they have an expectation of
pricing because if he'd paid previously
$4 million or he he'd seen a $4 million
Toyota, then that wouldn't surprise him
the second time around. And so, we want
to figure out like how we can gauge
this. So, what I'll do is I'll give you
a quick example of how I used to do this
in fitness. Okay? And so, I'm going to
role play myself. It's going to be
really fun. and go and go, "Okay, Matt.
So, do you have any experience in the
fitness industry? You've had a personal
trainer or done that before?" No, Matt,
I haven't. Okay, cool. What might help
you is if I just kind of break down, I
guess, uh, you know, a couple of ways
the industry usually does it so that you
have I I guess the ability to really
kind of see what it is is out there and
then how we do it and then that might
give you some more context. Is that
cool? Yeah. Sweet. All right. Cool. So,
unlike the, you know, there's three main
ways of doing it, right? There's like
outdoor boot camp, what we do, like
small group personal training, and then
you have like one-on-one PT. Okay. All
of which are great. I'm on team fitness,
right? Whatever gets you rocking and
rolling, I'm for it. But I just kind of
want to give you the context. So on like
the kind of cheaper end of the spectrum,
like cheap and cheerful, right? You got
like outdoor boot camp. It's 50 people
outside running around having fun. It's
good for fun and fitness. It's not great
for like specific fat loss or individual
problems like that. You know what I
mean? But hey, if that's all people can
swing, then I'm all for it. Get out
there. Whatever gets you moving a
groove, I'm all for. On the other end of
that spectrum, right, you've got
something like a one-on-one PT. Okay,
now it's a fantastic way of doing it,
but you might be looking at something
like, you know, 2,3 $400 a week, right?
Cuz you got that person oneonone. It's
personalized. They're there with you,
right? You know, it's kind of like
having someone hold your dick at a
urinal. It's like, you don't need it,
but it's nice, right? Hey guys, what's
up? Matt here. And I've noticed that a
lot of you are not subscribed. So, what
I want you to do is like go over and hit
the little subscription. Uh, it really
helps the channel out. And if you like
the kind of content that I do and you're
like, "Hey, how can I get similar
content but pay for it?" Then I have a
membership. You can go over and join
that at any stage that you want. It's
like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month. And we do like live Q&As. We have
a coaching call nearly every single day.
And there's like well over 100 videos
and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So if you want to check that out,
go for it. Uh you know, and sign up
through YouTube, cancel anytime, all
that kind of good stuff. And anyway,
back to the video. Bye. So, and then
what we do is we do like small group
personal training. So, we try and get
you the uh the like the benefit of the
101 but with the community of the group.
Does that make sense? Okay, cool. Now,
what I did there, okay, is that I never
said the price of the one in the middle.
Okay, but what I did is I put the value
towards the top like you know what I
mean? And and then I I gave them a
pricing bracket of like 50 bucks a week
up to three 400 bucks a week. Okay. So
that gives them a pricing bracket where
now they know like this is what I'm
roughly looking at, but it's done in a
way that doesn't really invite a lot
more follow-on conversation. Um, but
also it doesn't put any of it down,
okay? But it's so cheap and cheerful,
right? Like I'm still saying and I'm
saying, "Hey, whatever gets you out
there moving and grooving, right? It's
great." Okay? So that example, it's it's
very very specifically worded and I
encourage you to kind of go back and
listen to it, but you know, you you want
to figure out like what is the bottom
what is the very top possible option,
right? And if you are that um I might do
another video if you comment down below
on how you can phrase it so that you are
the very top option, but it's a similar
sort of thing. You just got to go with
more valuebased stuff, right? But um the
key is to never say your price, but you
want to give a price anchor, right?
Because what are they doing? They're
coming in, they're just surprised,
right? So if I can say bottom is 50
bucks a week and the top is 300 bucks a
week, right? Then at least now they have
a gradient and then what they're going
to do when I do my pitch is they're
going to be like putting it into that
gradient from a value perspective. And
as long as I can bump the value up nice
and high and if I'm lower than that very
very highest price then it actually
seems like pretty good value even if
it's more than what they had initially
expected it but it significantly lessens
the blow. So now what are the things
that you should not do during this? All
right first thing is never put the other
options down. All right you don't want
to do that. Um, like cheap is a very
very nasty word. And so that's why I say
cheap and cheerful, okay? Because if
you're like the cheap option is this
and then you put it down and say it's
[ __ ] and no good, then like, you know,
if that's all they can afford or if
that's what they've been doing, you
know, I mean, that that might not bode
well for you because one, they might
have got a good result, they might have
enjoyed it, but also it's just kind of
unnecessary. Okay. And then you don't
want to um make the top option seem like
it's over the top or unnecessary as
well. And you know in the case of say
like a medical type thing, I work with
like a neuropathy clinic and they're
kind of at that $78,000 mark and the top
want to be surgery say 15 $20,000. But
we say like hey listen it's a really
fantastic and you know like effective
way of doing it. However, if we can
avoid people going under the knife and
the unnecessary risks that do that by
putting in a plan that helps prevent it
happening in the first place, then you
know, we feel like that's a net positive
for our patients. Okay? So, again, like
I'm not putting it down, but there is an
associated risk of which I'm just saying
that's one of the reasons why we do it
this way, right? Um, you don't want to
then allow probes to come in and because
you don't want it to turn into an early
pitch. So, it's important that this is a
very well rehearsed part of your script.
You notice that when I did it, okay,
there's no real ums and a's and stuff
like that. It's just I've done it so
many times that it's sort of just off
the top of my head. Hey, you know, on
the on the one end of the spectrum,
there's like the cheap and cheerful,
right? There's the boot camp. It's like
50 bucks a week. It's great for fun and
fitness. Okay, there's no accident as to
why I say the exact same way every
single time because it's very very
rehearsed. If you cannot do that really
smoothly, okay, then what you're going
to do is you're going to invite like
[snorts] all these unnecessary questions
about it or they're going to be like,
"Well, what do you, you know what I
mean? Like, what do you charge?" You
need to be really slick with it and
quite quick. And then it's just going to
end with, "Does that make sense?" All
right, cool. And then you're going to go
straight into the next part of your
script, right? You're just going to
slipper slipper slide right into the
next part of your script. Okay? Because
my last thing is if you go too slow,
this is going to trip you up. This is
not like a super beginner like first day
at the job. I'm going to I heard it on
the YouTubes and I'm going to have a
crack. Okay, that's not how this works.
This is a like break in case of
emergency. You you ask someone, hey, do
you have any experience in this? Have
you ever encountered yada yada yada? And
they go, no. And you go, all right,
cool. Now I'm going to do my price shock
because like they don't have any
context. So when I go and drop a 50k
Warhammer on them, okay, they're going
to lose their mind. But if they're like,
"Oh, no, no. I've like I've had high-end
consulting before." Okay, cool. And what
was the experience like? Right? So now I
don't need to do it now. So there are
certain parts of your script that are
like arrows in a quiver, right? You use
them when you need them, but you don't
always need them. And this is one of
those things. All right. So, listen
guys, I hope that is helpful because for
someone I've been selling for a long
time. I've never heard anyone really
talk about this, right? And and it works
very very well. You do have to rehearse
it. You do have to write it out and you
do have to really think through it. And
before you're like, "Hey, Matt, what
what would you do for this?" I'm not
going to answer your question in the
[ __ ] comments. Like, I don't I'm not
thinking it up for you. Like, this is
not the channel for that. go to somebody
else. I I want you to figure it out
yourself because then you'll actually
understand it. I gave you an example
that I use, okay, for that I've used for
years. Um, and the whole point of it is
that it's it's specific and rehearsed
enough to where it elevates your
product, the higher part of the value
letter, but gives them a good bracket
and allows you to move it forward
knowing that you've done what you can do
to prevent sticker shock. All right,
hope that was helpful.
