Have you ever tried to grow a business and you just feel like you're stuck, you're not really sure what to do, or you try to grow your income as a sales rep and you're like, "Ah, it's like seems to be all over the place." Well, I have done projections every single year and every single month and quarter for all of my businesses, ranging over the multiple 8 figureure companies that I've owned myself, and I've always hit them within a very, very, very [music] precise margin.
The reason for that is that I have developed a forecasting system, [music] which I think just makes sense. It makes me see the good, the bad, the ugly of my business. I can start to know exactly what I need from the departments and when. Or if I'm a sales rep, I know what months I can go on holiday, what months I have to back off, when I have to go hard in the paint, and I have a step-by-step full plan for the entire year.
And when I have that, at least I know that I'm doing everything that I can do to be able to get the [music] outcome. Okay? So, in this video, I'm going to take you through a full forecasting. This is how you plan your revenue, your income, your commissions, whatever it is you want. But this is actually how you do it and how I managed to grow multiple businesses to 8 figures [music] in like less than 48 months. All right.
So, basically, this is the projection sheet that I've used. I'll put a a blank copy of it. This is something that sales reps, sales managers, anyone who wants to hit a target should be doing. I don't care if you're like an individual, whatever, cuz I'm going to explain the methodology behind it. Now, I've been doing this for years.
And the reason why most people don't do projections is because they think like, "Oh yeah, but what if?" Or they're always looking for reasons why like it's not going to be predictable. But you can definitely predict stuff and then the more you do it, the better you get at it. But also, it's like the first time you do this, it's not going to be like the correct way of doing it.
It's about figuring out how to do it and getting better. So this is like an altered version of my 2025 projections for my business dialer. All right. So, this is a a blank spreadsheet um of the one that I used for the 2020 fire projections for dialer. These numbers have been changed and altered a little bit.
So, not to give away the full thing, but however. Okay. So, first things first, I set a goal. Okay. And then the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go over here and I'm going to go like uh what's uh equals 2.5 million. And then I'm going to be like, all right, cool. That equals 2.5. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 / 12. Okay.
So, I know that's going to be that. Okay. So, now this isn't what my projection is going to be, but like that is what I'm going to have to hit. Okay. Uh on an average run rate in order to hit my outcome. Okay. So, uh run rate goal on an average. Okay. Now, what I have to do is I have to go where am I starting? Okay.
Let's just say I'm starting at 30,000 a month. Okay. uh then like I have a delta and it's good to just write all this stuff down because this is how you start making assumptions. This is how you actually start doing this. This is a process thinking through it and doing it this way is what start when you start to uncover the things that you must do and the stupidity of your plan or the brilliance of your plan and how you can do things.
So I have a delta it's going to equal uh that minus that. Okay. Okay. So, I'm $178,000 in the hole uh straight up. So, that means that I have to make that up somewhere. Okay. So, let's just say I go, "Okay, people always do this. They go, I'm going to have a uh a [ __ ] I'm going to grow 50% month on month.
" It's like, "No, you're [ __ ] not." Like, that's outrageous. Like, like a new business, you you can get up to kind of like that, say 50, 100 grand a month pretty quickly, right? But once you start going more than that, maintain that kind of growth is very difficult. And the reason being is because it's an allocation of resources within the business or like if you're a sales rep, like it's just time, right? So you have to get significantly better to be able to reduce the time to be able to then hit those goals, right? So we can't really do it that way. What I've always
done in like once the business is somewhat established is actually a 4% compounding growth which if you have a look at it like over the year it's quite significant right from 30 to 45. So if that was from 300 to $450,000 it's pretty significant growth but then what you can do is you can go okay cool I know that we can go 10% here 10% here um this is going to be a big month it's gonna be 15%.
And the reason why it's going to be a big month is because in April we do this or at the end of March we do this. So you can start to have a look, okay? And then you can start to go like, okay, like what do I feel comfortable with? What do I think is reasonable? Um, is there any months that I know are going to be [ __ ] Like in 2026, I can tell you right now that November is going to be garbage because it's the midterms, right? So not only have you got midterms, you've got major sporting events and you've got Thanksgiving and you've got Black Friday, Cyber Monday.
you've got a lot of things that are going to be eating up an awful lot of one consumer confidence with with the uh with the elections like midterms and elections always throughout the consumer confidence index. So if you want to have a look at like close rates for example uh and you want to put that against like if your business running for a while and you can get a they do it quarter to quarter as well.
But like as you can see like the consumer confidence in 2020 [ __ ] took a took a [ __ ] in the bed and it really spiked up rather aggressively which is why like this period here from the dip in 2020 to that peak in like just before 2022 was like the golden age of sales because you can see this huge recovery of people's kind of uh one there was like stimulus money but there's this huge recovery effect of people's like well-being and they were like wanting to get back and then from there like it did it's progressed ly gotten harder, right? And so you can see
from 2009 like ain't nobody buying [ __ ] that 2008 2009 my like sales would have been like a hellscape, right? I was in Afghanistan and [ __ ] during that. So like I was fine. But you can see and you can look at different markets, you can look at uh different things, but this is a really good thing for people to realize because it might like it might just be that uh like there's this huge economic event happening and that's why you're having bad outcomes like that month.
You can see month by month consumer confidence by generation, right? So, who are these Gen Zers? Look at this. Look at this optimism, right? It's funny. You can see gen uh silent generation and millennials are very similar. That's interesting. My theory on that is lots of war and then boomers and Gen X makes sense. And then Gen Z's up here.
So, you can look at all these things and they, you know, they they give you a lot of insight. So, you can go, all right, cool. If I have a look for my industry month by month, right? We're going to see. Okay, cool. Like maybe I know that like or if you have historical data, I know that like November is like say somewhat trash and I know that like say August is somewhat trash.
Right now, what I don't do is like go I need to mindset my way through this [ __ ] You just go like no no no. Like what we're going to do is we're just going to be adults and we're going to go like these are probably not great months. So I'm going to forecast right for a 0.95, right? Maybe you go backwards a little bit. Not a big deal, guys. These things happen.
We're trying to hit goals over a quarter. Okay. So then you're going to be like, "All right, cool." So and what we're doing here is we're kind of ramping up this delta. So what I would do like in this particular instance is like, "Okay, cool." like we cannot grow this one product line fast enough to get to this goal.
So, we either adjust the goal or we open up another product line. So, if I go into like the dialer ones that I've done, okay, as you can see here, like I've got all these blank spaces. So, and I've got different types of things. So, I've got seats um like this is how many seats I want to be doing and I've got these kind of like bursts of seats, right? So, like like and what they are is like kind of B2B deals, right? And as you can see here, I have a like I've I've factored in the 0.98. The 0.
98 is that like churn rate, right? Um and and we hit this like I hit my projection within about a couple thousand dollars, right? So, um it was pretty interesting. So that that 100 as you can see there, that's a B2B deal. So I'm like, okay, cool. I'm going to be growing by like I'm going to be growing by this much. I'm going to be cruising.
I'm adding 100. Adding 100. Adding 100. Okay. And so I'm just growing up. My goal is 100 seats per month. I'm going to have a a 98% retention rate, right? We probably ended up with like 93 or something like that. I have to go back and finalize all the numbers, but it's like I'm I'm bang I'm trying to get this like nice steady growth.
Now it's like, okay, cool. This is my average seat, right? This is the how much per number. My call charges per seat on average are what I thought they were going to be, right? Based off the numbers and my guessing, and then I can just change it later. Activation fees, build fees, right? So it's like again, all this is like 20 20 new accounts signed by 500 because I have an average amount per account, right? Which, you know, is all kind of around here.
Then from there, it's like, all right, cool. We want to release SMS because we want to like be able to grow but without having to sign a lot more clients because like what that does is that creates a lot of complexity and with a software like especially or with any business to be honest like you hit these points where like you want to start monetizing your clientele more.
So it's like let's start going a little bit deeper than we do wider to like limit the issues that we have with taking on new clients because taking on new clients is like a tremendous burden. And so you just start to look at it and go like, "All right, cool. The the growth is not as aggressive as what I want it to be with this sustainable rate of growth.
So let's do something else or add something in." We've um we're launching our AI SMS model, right? So we were going to launch it here. This never ended up happening because it took much longer to build than what we thought. This is going to launch later on. Okay. Then we've got a secure pay thing that we want to launch as well. Okay.
If you have revenue lines, you want to kind of go your revenue lines out. So you might have like a low ticket, a high ticket, and a mid ticket. Okay? And then you be like, "Okay, how much of the low ticket am I going to do? How much of the midt? How much of the high ticket?" Now, is that going to be the same month to month? Am I going to start to bend towards one or the other? But the whole point with like revenue planning is that you don't ever want to max out any one channel.
So like if the reason why you want to have like a couple different product lines and ways to go wide and ways to go deep is that if you're like, it's the same with marketing. If you only got one channel of marketing, like if you're just doing Facebook ads, VSSL, whatever, and that's it, you can only crank that lever so hard.
And everyone has a tendency to want to crank it as hard as they possibly can. That's not the way to do it. You want to have, say, three to four different incoming channels where you can get sales calls and leads from, and then you sit them all at 70%. Because then when one of them inevitably goes down, it's easy to raise the other ones to 80 90 for a period of time while you get it back up.
then you ramp them back down. You want to have the ability to do that. Without that, it's really difficult. Which is why, like for sales reps, it's important that you have referrals, you're able to do outbound, you're doing CRM tasks, you're getting your inbound leads, you're doing follow-ups. Without that, you're just a [ __ ] like you're just waiting for the worst case scenario to happen, and you're like, you're sitting there like watching people turn into zombies, and you're like, nah, it should be fine.
Like, it's [ __ ] it's [ __ ] >> You're so weak. You know, and this is what business owners especially and and everyone don't understand that the mere act of doing this like you start to realize things about your business that like I don't know about this like like let's just say I want to go and I want to go like I just go like let's ramp it up to I want to get 2,000 because people go so crazy with they're like we're going to triple this year.
It's like whatever dude, you know? So, and it's like um it's like if if if I was to factor that in, then I have to sign I'm going to have to sign like 200 every month. So, it's like 200. You know what happens if I sign 200? Like, do you know how hard it is to sign up? Like, we're not even doing ads.
We're starting ads this year, but like even that's not enough. So, like I I would get to the end, right? And I would go like, oh, like I just don't think that's going to happen. And people go, I have a bad mindset. You just got to figure it. It's like, no, mate. Like, keeping 98% of my clients and signing up 200 every month is [ __ ] wild.
Like, the average client's going to be four seats. That's so many clients. Like, we need like that's the sales staff required, the onboarding staff required. Like, that's too many. The most accounts we brought in in a single month was like 41. And it's like, man, like that's a lot, right? So that's like 160 seats. That's a lot.
So it's like, okay, like that's a bad idea. So then you go through and you adjust it and then you go, all right, well, if we're going to be at this rate, there's this rate seems unsustainable. Now, maybe I go, okay, in August, like I have these events, right? So like I do Cole Gordon's events. I do stuff like that.
I've got all my events and masterminds kind of like scheduled in. I've got them here. And I might go like, okay, cool. I've got events. So, I'm gonna go I'm going to do an event here where I'm gonna get one. My goal is to get a 100 seats, right? And I'm going to do an event here. And I'm going to do an event here.
Okay? So, I'm going to get 300 seats. Okay? Which then if I go back to that kind of uh 100 mark, you know what I mean? Then I know that I'm going to get 200 here, right? And then I'm going to get my 200 here. And I'm going to get my 200 here from my baseline, which is back to 100. Okay? So, and just the mere fact of you playing around with this.
Okay? Because what you're going to do now is go, "Okay, team, um, we're going to have a couple big months." So, in May, we are going to onboard double the amount of clients that we usually do. We're also going to do that in August and and November. So, like, be full warned. And then what you do is you create a plan for the event. Now, maybe this one you actually only end up getting 60.
So, you're like, "Okay, cool. What did I do right? What did I do wrong?" This one you end up getting 100. This one you end up getting 150. You're like, "Oh, [ __ ] sweet. I've cracked that code. Now I know every time I go to an event, I can give between 100 and 150. [ __ ] sweet." So, I know that all I have to do is book those three events, that's 450 seats for the year. Cool.
If my goal is 1,500, I know that now I only have to factor in 1,50 into normal growth patterns. Now, maybe I can take that down to 800 if I can figure out another way to activate some higher level B2B where I get like my goal is to get one uh is to get two 100 seat clients. Then I'm going to go through I'm going to go, okay, what does the 100 seat client look like? Where would I find them? How would I get that? Cuz I've only got to get two in the entire year.
I've got one year to get two clients. I can plan that. I can get the referrals. I can do all the things, right? This is how you plan out a [ __ ] business or or anything else. Okay, I have planned out every business I've done like this and I've hit every [ __ ] projection I've ever put on paper. Like, because once you actually sit down and think about it, I'm not thinking about what can I make projections that make the business look incredible.
I'm making projections that actually [ __ ] give me what's going on. Then I can copy them and I can make a worst case and a best case scenario. Then I can plan for both. And I'm going to do my expenses on the worst case and I'm going to do my income on the middle case and I'm happy as Larry. And I can then I can get my staffing plans in place, everything.
You know, I'm also going to be like, are there any major holidays? Are there any like, you know, what's going on? If I'm a sales rep, like when's am I going on holiday for a month? Because if I am, that's now $0. Okay, that has to be made up somewhere else. These are the things that you need to consider when you're doing these plannings, okay? Like July is always a bit [ __ ] because everyone's away for a week. This is a short month, February.
Okay, Black History Month. They didn't give us a full month, okay? So like, and then we got January. In Australia, people don't turn on till after Australia Day. Okay. But everyone kind of hits the ground running from January 6 onwards, right? Especially that one year. You know what I mean? Right. So, okay.
Then what I'm doing is I'm going to go, okay, cool. Like what's my rough, you know, what's this looking like? So, it's like I'm just going to go through cogs, cost of goods sold. The way that I do it is like anything that's responsible for making the sale. You know what I mean? So, like it's an above the line cost. Okay. So I just put all these things in here and then from there I can start to make some assumptions.
Um I like to to do it along with growth. So like if my if everything's growing then everything has to increase. You can't have like I'm going to have the same amount of people when I'm triple the size. It's [ __ ] It just doesn't work that way. And if you can see that there are these spikes. Like if I know that like okay I have uh you know 31 seats here and 600 here. Okay.
Um, man, we better start hiring some CS people because like that ramp up is quick. We need to start hiring. They need to be on here and we're onboarding two a month from here on because like that's ridiculous. So, these are things that you should be seeing. Then you can go to your department heads and be like, "Hey, this is the growth trajectory.
Uh, what do you need in order to like sustain this?" Because if you redline your stuff, it's the same as redlinining your ad accounts or redlinining your marketing. It's just a bad idea. Redlinining your staff and going like maximum full tilt growth all the time is a way to [ __ ] destroy everything. And the same thing here like dev like this got way more expensive than what I thought it would, right? So it was like from $10 to $50,000 a month.
You know what I mean? So then I've got all these things and then from there I'm like okay cool. So like we're losing money for the first couple months. Obviously we're a software company yada yada yada. Okay. Um and then from there I go okay cool. Like what does a rough profit look like? And it's like, sweet, I'm [ __ ] happy with that.
And then you can go, listen, like, I don't need that much profit. Like, we're looking to grow. So, I can start messing around. I can start going, okay, cool. Actually, like what if this what if this is actually like uh you know, what if it starts off at 10,000, right? And then it goes up uh it goes up, right? that uh times 1.
1 it just gets 10% more expensive every month because we're going up like sweet now it's a 28k a month all right well like hey I've still got profit you know what I mean like I'm still good to go sorry down here so it's like boom you know what I mean so what have I gone from 168 to 151 still happy with that so I know that I can spend on CS people like all right cool sales department ops you know I can mess with it and it's like hey as long as I'm happy making some profit whatever it is right now this is where like I I do like my what like what is
the point so I've got my vision and my mission for my cool dial to be the most highly praised and sought after dialing solution providing the highest quality service and dialing performance to its customers and our mission is be the fastest growing bootstrapped seatbased SAS company [ __ ] ever okay so now if I want to do that I got to find somebody who's done it so Ninja one I did some googling on the interwebs and I was like sweet this business 2017 2023 went from 4 million to 150 million a year.
Now they borrowed money about here. So they got from 4 to 50 without borrowing any money. This is their rate of growth and how did they do it? So just go and research the company right productled growth content education partners multi- channelannel like they did it [ __ ] brilliantly. Now are they the same business as us? No they're not a dialer but they're a seatbased SAS company.
So like same [ __ ] man. Like I'm not looking for reasons why stuff won't work. And it's like, cool. Here's the two different enterprise values cuz the goal of dialer is to sell, right? So you want to have an outcome. You want to know what you're doing, right? Um at like at that level, at the level that we hit, it's about 30 million bucks.
Pretty off pretty normal, right? And then it's like here's the gross revenue, gross profit, net profit, net operating profit. Net operating profit is net profit after tax, guys, right? Then from there, um this is my like 2025, 2028, right? 3 million, 6 million, 12 million, 24 million. At that level, we're worth anywhere between sort of 180 and 240 million, which is like that's fine by me. I'll take it. Okay.
Now, revenue expansion plans, SMS, secure play, influencer campaigns, uh external like spam monitoring, a agents. Okay. So, these are ideas to expand the revenue beyond just the seats because like the growing of the seats is a harder venture than getting your current clients to take more of your stuff, especially with software. Okay, so it's like cool.
Then from there, what I do is I go, okay, now I've got to figure out what that means on like a dayto-day. Okay, and so I'm going to do a really quick thing of this. So, I've got my cash. I want to get new cash of like 50k, MRR of 250k, right? That's going to be like, you know, uh, seats sold, you know, etc., etc. So, we're going to go dollar seats.
So, what you want to do is you want to go like, "All right, cool." So, um, in order to get like uh in order to get uh 10 sales and an average sale, and there's always an average, so you go, "Oh, there's no average." I don't know. There's always a [ __ ] average, you [ __ ] >> I'm [ __ ] is going to be four seats, which is going to be $1,000 a month worth of MR plus. Okay, but anyway, so we go.
Okay, cool. So, that means we're adding $10,000 um you know, we're doing uh 10 sales, right? It's just random numbers. Now, the close rate, okay, let's just say uh 25%. Which means that like pitches held needs to be equals 10 / 25%. Okay, so we need 40 pitches. Show rate call two we do a two call close is going to be let's go with 80% which means that call to held this is all super [ __ ] easy math.
If you can't grasp this then uh send me your address and I'll order you a helmet. So we need 50 uh call to booked. Okay, which would be like um you know what I mean? Uh the show rate to call to uh boom call to held call to booked. I'm just going to say the uh at this bit. Um so this is the held rate held. Okay, cool. Call one show. Right.
Let's just say that we pass through like we from from like 80 people. Okay. Okay. Then we go call one show rate. Okay. So we need 100. Okay. 100 call ones booked. Okay. So then we might go like leads like lead to booking rate is uh 30%. So that means we need that. Nope. Divided by that equals uh leads. Okay. Now I'm just going to go like lead cost. Okay.
Is uh you know [ __ ] 10 bucks. So the the the ad budget is this. Okay. Okay. That's how you figure that [ __ ] out. Okay. So you go through and then you go all righty cool. then you can figure out time, all that kind of [ __ ] You can figure out your MR growth, you know, yada yada yada. But you need to have this in place, okay? Um because then you can start to go like, well, okay, so in Q1, okay, we're making this much money, doing this many sales.
What's my Q1 MIND? MIND is most important numbers and drivers. All right, so now you're like, now I have a goal. My goal is to make 192,120. Okay, my goal is to do 391 seats. Okay, which is broken up into like if you do equals 391 / 4, it's 97 sales. Okay, or 98. So I So I can change this to 98. So if I go boom, done. Sweet.
So I need 98 sales. I got to spend $30,625 which um then what I can do is I can attribute that the proportionality of that to this. That makes sense, right? Like that's how you start to do that. Then what you do is you do the entire month, the entire uh you do the year, the quarters, the months, and you break that down and you look for the stupid stuff and then you go like I can't do that.
I have to introduce a different revenue line or like this is way too optimistic. And you're looking for like okay am I being conservative? Am I being conservative what I'm going to spend? Like, am I probably overbudgeting? Okay, if I'm overbudgeting, I'm doing something probably good. Okay, am I putting away from my taxes? Do I understand that? Am I not being a [ __ ] loser? Okay, am I okay with losing 90 grand right over that first two months? The answer is yes, I am.
Do I think that my rate of growth is sustainable and achievable? And do I understand? Do I have enough marketing sources to be able to do this? Do I have the people to be able to service that? Because, you know what I mean? like um that's a that's a lot. It's spicy meatball, right? So um there's a lot of considerations as well and then it's like am I reaching my delta? Do I need to readjust? Am I going to have a big ramp up period? Am I going to have a like a sustainable period where I don't try and grow that much? And again, all
this is applicable to business owners, to individual households, to whatever. This is how you do this. Okay. All right, guys. Hope that was helpful. Um I'll put this down below. Uh, and um I hope you guys get some out of it.
