In this video, I'm going to be breaking
down the exact steps that you as someone
who is calling people or managing people
who are calling people for a living uh
and calling leads in order to make sales
needs to do in order to make sure that
you have the most success possible. My
name is Matt and I own a business called
Dialer.io and I've done the and I've
done the sales for about 165 different
businesses. I've also run my own large
outbound teams and now I own a dialer
and I can see basically what everybody's
doing. I have got of have clients like
Cole Gordon, Tony Robbins, Andy Elliot,
um, and lots and lots of other ones. And
they all use my software in order to get
higher contact rates and speak to more
of their leads. And over the past, uh,
sort of six to eight months of running
this business, I've learned an awful lot
about what are the effective strategies
that you need to do in order to increase
your outbound effectiveness. So number
one is that you need to turn d uh KPIs
away from dials and towards time. So uh
time is the factor that most people just
do not use effectively. And what do I
mean by that? So the number one thing
that you can do in order to increase the
revenue of your business in my opinion
is increase your speed to lead. uh MIT
and um MIT just released a study where
they uh took I think it was like 16 or
18,000 leads, tracked them all the way
through HubSpot with multiple different
businesses and if someone was contacted
in less than 5 minutes, they had a 100
times higher likelihood of buying in the
end. Um and and this is a huge metric
that most people are just not even
trying to fix. they have a system where
a Slack channel, you know, they they
send a random thing to a Slack channel
and then from there like they hope that
the person gets to them and they're
using Zapier and they don't even really
know what the delays are instead of
using web hooks or APIs or something
that's more precise. Um, and this is the
overall problem on my on my system. We
we we've seem to have fixed that. Uh,
but on everyone's on my system, so you
know, I want to be able to give
everybody the opportunity to fix it. So
optimizing for speed to lead, what you
need is time because you do not know
when leads are going to come in. So, if
your if your reps are, you know, doing
two, three hours a day, which they
probably are, uh, if you don't have
something that's doing screen recording
or recording, you know, anything in
particular of what they're doing,
there's a great, um, a great company
called Time Camp, Camp with a K. And
what that will do, it's not a screen
recorder, but it is a way that you can
see where they're spending their time
and what they're doing and hold them
more accountable. And you can even put
an hourly rate attached to them, so you
can see even what lead sources they're
doing stuff on. So, it's a really great
software. a guy called Nick Fischer,
shout out to New Reach Education, uh was
the one that got me onto that and it's
really really good. I have it on my own
computer as well. Um so getting more
time, you know, you also need to space
that out throughout the day. And if
you're in the States, for example, you
need to have EST all the way through to
PST because you have leads opting in all
the time, but your guys are not on
enough in order to actually hit them. So
what you're doing is they're
cherrypicking leads or you have this
like weird system of which you've
Frankenstein together. Um, but what you
don't have is a roster that actually
allows you to call people all of the
time. Okay? So, roster out and then have
a system that heavily incentivizes the
speed to lead, right? Um, and and you
will uh be doing your best to increase
that. And again, if you can get them in
less than 5 minutes, then then that's
going to give you uh statistically,
according to recent studies, a 100x
higher likelihood of having that person
buy. Okay. Um the next thing that you
should be doing is that uh you should be
stop segmenting leads based off um weird
things, weird subjective metrics like
this lead source and this lead source
and all all that that kind of stuff.
What you want to do is you want to have
a clear priority as to like how you
contact leads. Have a system and then
have your agents and have your your
business set up to where you can like
systematically hit things. I see a lot
of people that are really they're trying
to do really really complex things but
they haven't they haven't fixed or
sorted out their simple. Do not go
complex before you get simple. If you
don't have a good speed to lead or a way
of tracking that or a way of holding
people accountable for that and because
you're using KPIs like dials, I can tell
you right now you can fudge that
instantaneously. I've seen dudes just go
at that and just skip through a hundred
leads in a day. I've seen people leave
uh blank voicemails instead of actual
having high talk time. And all of this
is just to avoid working right and this
is a real problem. But you need to start
you know setting up simple systems um in
in in which can scale up and not trying
to go through these complex series of
lead routing and if this then that and
complex lead scoring when you don't even
know if the people that are opting in
are being called once a day, three times
a day or you guys triple dialing or you
like doing some crazy nonTCPA stuff.
like let's just keep it really nice and
simple. Have some good solid KPIs. Make
sure you have enough time in order to
actually be able to call people um and
and and you will be able to then have a
nice good simple system in which you can
expand out from there. Okay. One of the
next things is to have uh set openers
for each one of your lead sources. So do
not have the same generic opener every
single time. It just doesn't work. It's
not a good way of doing it. You want to
be able to like use a lead magnet.
People say lead magnet leads are bad. I
think that they're fantastic. I think
that you can have really, really niche,
really problemsp specific lead magnets.
Like if you go to dialer.io right now,
you'll see lead magnets on a manager's
guide to increasing addistation scores.
This is very niche. Okay. But if I call
you up and go, hey, is this just Matt
from dialer.io? Looks like you
downloaded our guide to increasing your
addestation scores. Is that right? All
right, cool, man. Like, what kind of
sparked your interest in that? And like,
why are your scores so bad, dude? What's
going on? Right? And then like that's a
very specific lead. that person is in my
demographic. Otherwise, they would not
have downloaded it. Okay? So, but you
need to have a nice specific
uh you know, a nice specific uh script
for that. Otherwise, like it's just
going to be generic and it's
not going to work. Right. Next thing you
need to do is track the following
metrics. One is time, then dials, then
pickups, then calls over 15 seconds,
calls over two minutes. Okay? And then
how many people are offered a next step,
whatever that may be, and how many
people accept it. Okay? Those are your
essential metrics because you need to
know your pickup rate. You need to know
how much time you've got to make sure
that people are being rostered
appropriately and that you're actually
having enough time in order to do it.
You need to know what the like rate of
people that pick up to have a
conversation over 15 seconds and 2
minutes and are actually offered because
that's how you're going to tell your
training apart. If someone's being told,
"Hey, I'm busy. Can you call me back
later?" I don't pick up the phone when
I'm busy. So, if I'm picking up the
phone, I have at least a couple minutes
to spare. And so, it's just something
that you're doing. like it's it's just a
you thing, okay? And the more you
realize that, the more that you can try
and fix it. So, if you're tracking those
metrics, then you should then you're at
least you're in a position to be able
to, you know, to be able to uh get the
data that you need in order to make your
setters better. That's why in dial.io,
all of the dispositions that we have are
set out for that. A lot of the filtering
we have, so you can actually make guys
better. The last one that I'm gonna say
is stop dialing leads so much that like
it's ridiculous. Like, dude, she's just
not that into you. Get over it. It is
what it is. She doesn't like your face.
Okay. If you've dialed someone 15, 18,
20 times, like the chances are they're
just not a demographic of person that
responds well to phone calls. They don't
know it's you calling unless you're
using like branded caller IDs, but they
don't know it's you calling. So, like
they're just not a person that's good to
call. That's why you have text and email
and other mechanisms of getting a hold
of people, right? Or you could do book a
call retargeting, stuff like that. What
you don't want to do is just dial people
50 times for absolutely no reason so
that you can pretend that you're keeping
your team busy. That's not the way that
it works. All they end up doing is you
end up having this skewed metric where
you have a bunch of people called a lot
and a bunch of people that are barely
called. And that's because like you're
not rostering and the times and the
segmentation, everything is too complex,
right? And you're calling people way too
much. I can see that the efficacy of
dialing people past 10 dials is
extremely inefficient. the pickup rates
are low and the set rates are very low
and the sale rates are very low. And the
reason for that is if you have a 100
people and on day one 20 of them pick
up. Now you've got 80, but you removed
20 of the people that would have picked
up. So let's just say there are 40
people or 30 people in that mix that
will never pick up the phone. So now
you're going from 100 to 70 and you've
got 20 of them day one. Now you've got
50 left, right? And then you're like,
"No, but I've got 80 leads." No, you
don't, mate. like you just there's a
percentage of people that will never
pick up. The next day 10 pick up the
next day eight pick up the next day
seven. So what you're doing is you're
left with a pool of people who are
statistically unlikely because of their
personal characteristics and trait to
answer an unknown phone number. Now
there are ways at dial that we can try
and combat that with like branded caller
ids and 1800 numbers and certain pattern
interrupts and stuff like that. However,
those are not easy to do in other
systems. But also like even doing all
that, it's not an extraordinarily
effective use of time where speed to
lead is. So I'd rather have a setter
doing nothing for 10 minutes, right?
Sitting there like this and then a lead
comes in, boom, they get them, right?
That is a better use of time than them
sitting there calling the living
out of everybody a thousand times. It's
a stupid way of doing it. So stop it.
All right, guys. This is going to be
like a low edit. I'm going to try and do
some sort of daily upload thing or every
other day uh where I just give you guys
as much value as humanly possible. Hope
you like it. Make sure you like,
subscribe, hit notification bell. If
you're want to increase your contact
rate, go over to dialer. And if you want
to do sales training with me, go down
below and I've got a thing. It's like 50
bucks a month. Okay, bye.
