In this video, I'm going to give you the
exact step-by-step formula of how you
can get your numbers desp flagged or
minimize or mitigate spam flagging as
best as humanly possible so you can get
a higher pickup rate, higher contact
rate, talk to more of your leads, and
hopefully get more sales. Okay, let's
get into it. Uh, so I'm going to give
you five keyways that you can use that
are actually doable within a system that
you're using right now if you're not on
the old dialer.io. Okay, so the first
thing is limit the numbers usage per
day. Okay, so we have it set to it's a
bit of a dynamic variable. However, if
you're using a number say more than
about 75 times a day, the likelihood of
being spam flagged is significantly
increased. Okay? So, you have to rotate
through those numbers. Now, I highly
recommend not rotating it like 75 switch
out, 75 switch out, 75 switch out
because that is going to be a very very
clear pattern which leads into uh number
two, but we'll go back to that in a
second. So, you want to be, you know,
rotating your number out. We do it at
dollar.io. rotate it like in a very
particular way that we have found
mitigates spam flagging as best as
humanly possible which is done
automatically by our software. But if
you're doing it and you're getting like
your sales managers to do it or you're
getting your reps to do it individually,
then you might just want to have it like
on an hourly basis or on a set time
where it's like everybody rotates
through their numbers. Okay? Doesn't
mean that when you get a number you just
throw it away, but you do want to rotate
through it. Okay? So limit the amount of
numbers per day. Don't do $500 dials on
one number or if you've got like five
setters on five numbers and you've been
gone for like 2 months and you're
wondering why your pickup rate is crap.
Like you just you're overusing your
numbers. If it's not being used like a
normal phone, it's going to get spam
flagged eventually. Okay, spam flagging
is not the end of the world, but it is
not a good thing. There are the things
that stop pickups, but uh it's one of
the main ones. Okay, so that's number
one. Uh limit the amount of dials per
day per number. Number two, okay, is all
about try to avoid any type of dialing
that has a really clear and distinct
pattern or doing anything that's a
really rare and clear and distinct
pattern. So, the way that it works is
that um the numbers uh that you dial
from are being analyzed by analytics and
monitoring companies like Haya and Newar
and TNT and First Orion. And what
they're doing is they're looking for
sort of non-regular non-humanike
behavior. So, I don't know about you,
but I don't make a phone call exactly
every 15 seconds, which is exactly what
your kind of power auto dialer is doing.
Or, god forbid, you're on a multi-line
or a parallel dialer, you're probably
doing, you know, it's going through and
literally just churning through all
these leads and it's doing it in a very,
very obvious way. Spam flag works off
pattern recognition. If you act in the
same way that call center and spam call
centers and like people on multi-line
and parallel dialers like if you act in
a nonhuman like like not your phone then
it's going to raise red flags and then
it's going to look at a number of other
different analytics and then it's going
to decide that number is not being used
by a human. They're using a dialer. We
don't like dialers. They're dialing a
too high a volume. They're obviously
using an auto dialer. You know, chances
are you're probably not even set up to
do that properly, but it's just not a
good idea. So what it does, it just
promotes spam flagging. for anyone
that's kind of telling you to, you know,
you can outdial it or you just do
multi-line dialing, like it doesn't
really work. It's why your pickup rates
have gotten worse and worse and worse
and worse and worse. Okay? So, in order
to avoid that, you know, manual dialing
is the best way if you don't have a
better dialing solution. Okay? So, we
have our own specific types of dialing.
we don't uh at Dialer um that we've
built specifically to counteract stuff
like this where we can still do at a
high volume. But if you don't have us,
then what you want to do is you will get
a much higher pickup rate if you click
and manually dial. So if you're limiting
the amount of dials per day per number
and then you're manually dialing and not
using anything that's going to have a
pattern to it, you are going to be doing
two really good things to mitigate being
spam flagged and raise pickup rates. And
if you guys are getting value from this,
please consider subscribing and uh
liking the video. It helps me out.
Number three, don't leave an ungodly
amount of voicemails. Okay? Uh leaving
tons of voicemails is not humanlike
behavior. I don't know about you, but
like on my normal day-to-day phone, I
don't leave 50 60 voicemails a day. So,
voicemail drops and doing that kind of
stuff. Like, it is non-human like
behavior. So, although you might have
been doing it for a long time and like,
"But Matt, we do voicemail drops and it
works really well." Does it though? Are
you getting 20% pickup rates? Do you
have 80% contact rates like what I'll
show you in a little bit? No, you don't.
So, like maybe it doesn't work. Maybe
it's just a system that you've
architected based off crappy
infrastructure, right? You know, you
would squat differently if barbells were
made of jello- agree. Sweet. So, leaving
a crap ton of voicemails is a great way
to get spam flagged again because it's
very obvious. It's a clear pattern. It's
a high volume. It's non-human like and
it's going to promote spam flagging and
lower pickup rates. Number four, it's
all about don't text from the same
numbers that you dial from. Okay? So
texting has its own level of compliance
and regulation and regulatory matters
and all that kind of stuff. Your reps
who are texting or if you're a rep and
you're texting like you have no control
over like them texting usually. And so
if they're calling and texting from the
same numbers, they're going to start
doing like this crazy kind of like call
three times, text four times, and you're
kind of doing it. It's like but man, the
person needs to have the same number.
Call out and text otherwise they're
going to be confused. If you think that
the person who just opted into a
Facebook ad and then says, "Hey, are
you? Huh?" If you think that that person
is recognizing the phone numbers where
they went, "I'm getting a call." And
then they're going to go, "I'm getting a
text."
Oh, you know, because I have 195 IQ. I
remember that number that called me an
hour ago that I looked at for less than
one second. I don't remember my own
mother's phone number, but I do remember
that one. It's stupid. Okay, so separate
those two systems out. Okay, the last
one is speed to lead. So, I'll put up a
little screenshot here, okay, of the
speed to lead of uh one of of a dialer.
And this is just standard. So, a speed
to lead in our system is like a minute,
right? If someone's online, the lead
comes in and everything's set up to
where that's how it's supposed to be,
then they will be the next cue, the next
lead called done, right? As soon as they
opt in. So, if your speed to lead is
there, then your chances of talking to
them is much higher. Now, my thesis is
that not that they are a much hotter
lead, it's just that they're available,
right? So, if I'm like sort of scrolling
through and opting into ads, chances are
like I'm not super busy. Like, I'm not
in the middle of doing stuff. I don't
I've never like opted in whilst cooking
or you know what I mean? Like I've never
been on a meeting and then just been
casually opting in to funnels. Like I
don't know about you, but I don't do
that. And so speed to lead is like
they're available. They're on their
phone. Most opt-ins are done on the
phone. Therefore, they're on their
phone. They're looking at it and they
get a call and hello. Oh yes, I'm
available. HubSpot just released a
study. You're 100 times more likely to
make a sale if you get them in the first
five minutes. So, we focus heavily on
speed to lead and you can too. It's
quite difficult uh without dialer. I
know because I tried for a long time.
However, there are plenty of systems
that you can do, but you can build your
own and you can optimize. Okay? And you
know, if you just want a software that
kind of does most of the stuff for you,
then you can head over to
www.daller.io and we do all this stuff
for you. So, our software is designed to
increase pickup rates just like our
client here, okay? They're a marketing
agency calling all types of different
SMBs and I have examples of cold callers
and I have examples of every different
industry you can imagine. We have, you
know, 150 odd uh different businesses on
there now. We've been open for about 5
months and we specialize in getting
higher pickup rate and higher contact
rates. And we have built it to do it in
a compliant and quality way where we're
not just trying to dial everyone to
death. Right? As you can see, this
client 18% pickup rate over the course
of months and high volume dialing and an
87% contact rate. If you want those kind
of contact rates and if you just can't
be bothered doing all the rotations
yourself and if you have a team of
people that's doing outbound dialing the
header dial.io and we would love to see
if we can help. But I hope that was
valuable content. I hope it helps you
out. Hope you can go on and implement it
and if not then just let me do it. Nor
by
