In this video, I'm going to be talking
about sales metrics, revenue metrics,
what they mean, how they correlate
together. I think it's really important
that sales reps, business owners,
marketing people are all working off the
same sheet of music. And every single
sales rep and business owner should
understand the interplay between all of
these different numbers. And that's how
you can learn to optimize your revenue,
but also optimize your commissions and
overall just be able to grow and grow
and grow and uh not freak out when
something happens, right? My name is
Matt. I've run a lot of businesses. I
used to have a multi7ig per month agency
that I built from scratch with no
advertising. And then I also had a
multi-figure per month uh coaching
company. I've also owned 18 gyms and now
I have a software company called
dollar.io and we've gotten to like very
good revenue very quickly with no ads.
And it's a lot of it's because I have a
really good understanding of what
happens when you're spending money on
ads, what happens when you're looking at
content um and then how you can optimize
those things to get better and better
results. So, what I've done is put
together a step-by-step guide of
marketing analytics and data points, and
then some of the things that you can do
in order to one, benchmark yourself, but
also two, just try and figure some stuff
out, and then three, have a methodology
behind what you're doing to make sure
that like you're not doing silly things.
The reason why I'm doing this video now
is because it's coming up to July 4th.
On July 4th, this is what's going to
happen. Your close rates will drop, your
show rates will drop, cost per lead will
go up, and you will most likely try and
change a whole bunch of things about
your business, about your funnels, about
your marketing and your sales for
absolutely no reason. It's simply
because like there are a lot of people
advertising, and there are a lot of
people on holiday, and so they're not in
a buying mood for things that you're
maybe selling. They're in a buying mood
for maybe other things like beer and
fireworks. These are things that are
always going to happen. So we can fight
it as much as we can or we can just
optimize for it and we can know when to
take holidays and know when not to spend
money on meta in the same way where when
election comes up you probably want to
kind of ramp down a little bit because
otherwise they's going to destroy you.
All right so without any further ado I'm
going to get into it. I will have a link
to this document in the description down
below. So let's get amongst it. All
right so I like to have a reductive form
of kind of data and how you do things.
Okay. What that means is that I'm
looking for reasons to not make changes.
I know that sounds weird, but it's like
if you're always looking for reasons to
make changes, then like you're you're
going to do things for no reason. Okay,
I used to be a sniper, right? So, when
you're shooting, if a gust of wind comes
out of nowhere and that brings you a
foot to the left, you you don't adjust
anything because you don't know if that
gust is a gust or if it's sustained
wind. You don't know that. You might be
a thousand yards away and you can't feel
that. So what you have to do is you have
to shoot a group. So you have to go bang
bang three preferably five rounds. Then
you would adjust onto the target. Right
now in a war situation that's a little
bit different, but generally speaking
that's the best way to get the most
accurate results is to shoot groups then
adjust off the group average. Right? You
take it bang bang bang take it in the
middle adjust over and down. That's how
you do that. And it's the same for
anything when you're trying to find a
pattern and then adjust off the pattern.
If you're always adjusting off the
individual shot, which I see people do
at the range and I see people do in
their business. They have one good
month, they adjust everything, they have
one bad month, they adjust everything,
this is ridiculousness. Volatility a lot
of the time is just because you don't
have a lot of stuff going on. So, it
looks more volatile than what it
actually is, right? If you have five
sales and then you make uh 10, you you
doubled. However, really you just got
five more. Five of anything is not very
much. Okay? So, with that in mind, I'm
looking for reasons to not make changes.
So if we go, you know, to the shooting
analogy, it's like if I make a change
and then that was just a gust and was a
foot to the left. Now the change is
going to be a foot to the right. And
then what I'm going to do is go, oh, I
need to go left and then there's, you
know, now there's like no gust and now
I'm going to be left, right? So like
you're going to go bang bang bang bang
bang bang bang bang and you're never
going to get a bullseye. Okay, so that
is kind of the methodology in which I
like to do data because if I can figure
out a way why there might be an external
factor that is like definitely going to
affect it like 4th of July show rates
are going to be terrible. Just don't
book calls. Okay, there is a statistical
reason for that. 80% of people report
that they take a vacation on the 4th of
July. So here are some important
marketing stats that you need to
understand. The first is clickthrough
rate. Okay, top offunnel things like
pickup rate, clickthrough rate. These
are really, really important things.
It's literally the reason why I started
dialer.io. It's because I was sick of
having low pickup rates. So, I thought
that if I put my enormous brain power
into figuring this problem out along
with some people who are smarter than
me, then I could figure out how to
increase pickup rate, which in sales is
the most top offunnel metric because if
you speak to double the people, you can
make double the sales. It's the same
with click-through rate in your
advertising. Okay? So, it's how many
people see your ad versus click on it.
Okay? That's it. It's a pretty simple
metric. Around 1.5 to 2.5% is generally
speaking a pretty good one. Okay? If
you're below that, then there's a few
things. One, headline is weak. Maybe
like the visual creative. So, it's not
stopping the scroll. So, think of it as
like driving down a highway and then
like you're looking at all the
billboards, you know what I mean? And
there are some billboards that attract
your attention. There are some
billboards that don't. The ones that
attract your attention would have a
higher click-through rate. And so, you
want to be able to like put it in the
right space, right? You know, you need
to have the that that highway depending
on where the off-ramp is, right? If
you're trying to get people, if you want
to put it near the rich area, then you
you could advertise more expensive
things. Go down to the poor area.
Advertising really expensive things in
the poor area probably isn't a good
idea. So, where you put the ad counts,
the hook, the creative, the visuals,
that all counts for your click-through
rate. Okay? And those are all things
that you can test independently, right?
It's a really good thing to try and
optimize for because it's going to give
you more uh people. Okay? The next thing
is like the sort of conversion rate. So
it's like from the people that go to the
ad like how many sort of click on like
end up doing the action. It's usually
around 8% of that. So let's just say you
know you're going to have of those
people you're going to have say you know
a percentage go on to the landing page
then you might have like a percentage
opt to landing page. Landing page
opt-ins are like 30 40% a lot of the
time. Obviously a lot over in ecom but
that's a good that 30% conversion rate
is good. Like you have a solid one.
Okay. There can be a lot of reasons why
your conversion rate can be lower. Uh,
one of the main ones is like when you
look at the landing page, it's just
constructed ridiculously and like you
have to scroll to actually like opt in
and you want to make sure it's optimized
for all the right things. Okay, so yeah,
we've got that. Then we've got like cost
per click. Okay, so that's like how much
does it cost to get a click, right?
Which is obviously going to be a your
clickthrough rate is going to be a huge
determiner of that around 77 to two
bucks, you know, for like traffic lead
genen campaigns. Ecom might be like 350.
I got some friends that run some really
like large ecom businesses and they're
paying about the 350. Cost per lead on
average over meta for a lead cost is
like 23 bucks. Right now you're going to
pay more for a landing page than what
you will for a lead form. But there is
an argument that's a higher quality lead
because they've had to do a step and
you've given them more context rather
than sort of uh meta pre-filling it out.
So uh lead to contact all right which is
kind of a big one is like 20%. If you're
speaking to 20% of your leads I don't
think you're doing that well. If you're
like 35 you're doing okay. 35 to 60 is
good. 60 plus is outstanding. On dialer
we have plenty of people in the 50s
60s7s you know but I would say the
average is sort of around that 40 to 50%
I would say is about the average of
contact rate that can go down or go up
also like depending on like if they've
been calling the same leads for a year
you know dude they're just not that into
you which you can also tell by the next
one which is like the unique dial rate.
Unique dial rate is a metric that I
don't I don't know if I made it up but
we track it in dialer I've never seen
anywhere else. So it's like what
percentage of the dials that you're
doing are for individual or unique
leads. If you're at like 33%, then that
that seems about perfect. That means
like 70 odd percent of the dials that
you do, you're dialing people more than
once. Right now, if it's like higher
than that, so if you get into like the
60s and 70s and 80s and the ' 90s, it
means that essentially you're just not
dialing enough the lead flow that you
have. So, you're never really getting to
people more than once. Now, if your
pickup rate is 80%, then that's fine,
but chances are it's going to be 10, 15,
20%, something like that if you're on a
good system, or like 3, four, five if
you're on a one. Okay? Okay. And
very soon it's going to be much lower
than that depending on when you're
listening to this. This is in July 2nd
of 2025. Hey guys, what's up? Matt here.
And I've noticed that a lot of you are
not subscribed. So, what I want you to
do is like go over and hit the little
subscription. Uh it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do and you're like, "Hey,
how can I get similar content but pay
for it?" Then I have a membership. You
can go over and join that at any stage
that you want. It's like $49 a month up
to about $200 a month. and we do like
live Q&As. We have a coaching call
nearly every single day and there's like
well over 100 videos and I upload like
sort of private trainings and stuff that
I do all the time. So if you want to
check that out, go for it. Uh you know,
sign up through YouTube, cancel any
time, all that kind of good stuff. And
anyway, back to the video. Bye. Okay, so
uh unique D rate is like if it's too
low, like if you're at 10%. So like the
average people are been dialed an awful
lot. And that means that every dial that
you do with somebody and every time that
somebody picks up, like the remaining
leads that are in there are
statistically less likely to pick up
because if someone's been dialed 15
times, they're just not somebody who
picks up unknown numbers. So you might
want to try a different strategy whether
it's a branded caller ID, whether it's a
like a text, an email campaign or like
retargeting campaign getting to reop
back in, whatever it may be. Dialing
those people is not going to be a
fantastic strategy. The stats that I can
see are about 70% of all sets are done
in the first dial and about 93% of all
the sets on dialer are done in the first
three dials. So if you're dialing people
25 times, you're probably just wasting
your time and just trying to be like
that business owner. It's like there's
gold in them their leads. It's like
there's probably not add click to
landing page which we have gone over uh
before. But what this is really
important is because like it's got to do
with the sales copy. Like what is the
value proposition? How much pain are you
drawing out? And how's the effectiveness
of your CTA? And so that's going to
determine those things. So if you got
like click-through rate, it's like okay
headline, image, whatever it may be.
Okay. Then from there, it's like we
we're getting people on there. If
they're clicking on to the next one,
that means the copy is good. So if
you're getting a good clickthrough rate,
headline and uh image, fantastic. But if
they're not clicking onto the next one,
don't throw away the whole ad. just get
better copy on there and get a better
CTA and then from there then it's like
okay now are they then converting on the
landing page okay does that make sense
like this is where you want to go this
is where you want to have a more like
critical look at things you don't throw
the baby out with the bath water you
want to have a look at what stages are
working and which ones aren't some of
the fixes you can have make sure your ad
matches your page right like you know I
see a lot of really lazy options where
people are just like replicating funnels
and they're not really like matching it
to like what they need to do. Okay, just
make sure your CTA is good. Make sure
that the page loads fast, right? So you
don't have a high bounce rate. People
are just kind of bouncing straight off.
The speed of the page is nice and quick,
less than 2 seconds. And then if you're,
you know, using UTMs to track your leads
so you can see like what lead sources
are converting at what rates and what
landing pages. Okay, so you kind of want
around a 30%, right? Seems seems to be
about right at the moment. Some of the
things that can really stuff it up in
landing pages like the big one is just
like the overall like is the mobile
design good cuz most people are coming
through a mobile. And then like is it
easy to opt in and is it clear? If it's
like some convoluted thing like people
try and overword things a lot like it
has to be clear. Click this link to do
this action. Okay. Make it super super
clear. Make sure you don't have to
scroll down. It's on the fold. This is
like this is a website. Everything here
is less important than here. And all
this stuff here and in the middle right
is way more important than this stuff
here. So if I have to go, oh look at all
this stuff and then go to opt in here,
it'll significantly reduce conversions
like significantly. All right, people
are dumb. There you go. All right, so
lead to set 15 to 20% is healthy. Okay,
so like in the case if you're a
dialer.io client and you're speaking to
say 50% of your leads and you're booking
say you know 50% of the people that you
speak to, right? That would seem like
it's a good one, right? Or you're
speaking, you're booking 35% of the
people you speak to, 40%, like you
should be able to get a 20% lead to set
pretty simply. Okay? If you're not
getting that, then there are a couple
things that might be going on. one, you
don't have any like SMS follow-ups.
You're not making contact with them
enough in the short period of time after
they opt in. Your pickup rate is like
less than 10%. Your unique D rate is too
high or too low. You're not rostered
correctly if you are setting. Okay? Uh
like PST, EST, so like you're just like
your speed to lead is really suffering
because of that. Maybe you're not
segmenting your leads properly to where
like you're putting more effort and
really prioritizing the newer leads,
right? Speed to lead is everything. I
can tell you probably the most one of
the most successful people on our
platform is the Elliot Group and uh they
have a 51% contact rate and uh you know
what's their pickup rate? 15%. Okay. Uh
that's over the course of uh the last
month. Okay. June to July, right?
$27,000. You can't see all that. 4,000
pickups, 15% pickup rate, 51% of their
leads, and they have 1,600 sets from
4,000. So there you go. So it uh it
works, right? Um, but their speed to
lead is phenomenal. Okay, now dialer
kind of does that for you, but hey, you
can figure it out, too. Okay, spam
flagging, dialing practices or poor, low
lead quality. These are all things that
can affect your set rate. Okay, uh or
calendar optimization as well. So, like
uh you know, a lot of people will not
really take this into account, but are
you not available in good times? Right?
Are you um selling to moms and uh you
have calendar slots at uh 3 and 4 and
5:00, right? And that's like when your
closes are most available, which is like
when moms are the most busy. It's
ridiculous and stupid. You haven't
thought this through. Why haven't you
thought this through? And so you have to
have times that are appropriate for the
niche in which you're doing. Like
they're not going to bend to you. You
have to bend to them. You're asking them
to buy off you. You have to bend to
them. Like it's the way that it is. A
mom who picks up her kids from school is
not going to show up to a call at 3:30
in the afternoon, even though she booked
it because she thought that she could,
but then she forgot that her
mother-in-law was away that week.
weekend yada yada yada yada yada. Her
kids are more important than you. You
douche nozzle. There's that. Okay. Cut
off times for when there are no shows.
Okay. Make sure you have afternoon,
evening, weekend slots available. You
can shorten the time slots 30 or 45
minutes with buffers instead of booking
an hour. Okay. Make sure that you have
the adjustments for different time
zones. Make sure that like your setters,
if they're manually doing that, they are
asking what time zone the person's in,
right? Uh embed your calendar, okay? And
then send it out to them. like have it
embedded inside of the landing page.
Don't just like send them to a booking
link calendar. So if they're going
through an application and then going to
the next one, like embed that instead of
just having it as a standalone page
because then you'll be able to get more
data. You can build more value and it
will work better. For a show rate, you
sort of want um like around 65%. Okay,
show rates are really really important.
65% I think is a really good scalable
metric. It can be hard to achieve, but
there are a few things you could do.
One, you want to check all your
reminders. If you're really low, just
nuke everything and then start over
again from like just one automated
reminder and then just build one by one.
Okay. Make sure that you send text
calendar invites. In 2020, the end of
2023, Google calendar changed to not
automatically accept. They have to go
into the actual email and then click
accept. Otherwise, it's not going to go
onto their calendar, which uh was a huge
uh jump in no shows and no show and like
reschedules because it wasn't in
people's calendars. So, you have to make
sure that you have either wording or
video or an explanation or the setters
will walk people through that so that
they're not just like lost and they
forget that it was a thing. Also, don't
book people too far out. It's a it's a
bad idea. Then from there, make sure
your times are optimal. You can have a
floating rep. Cole Gordon has a really
cool system where they have like a
floating rep cuz they use a software
called sales kick, I believe, and it
tells them when somebody enters a Zoom
when there's already a Zoom going on and
then from there a floating sales rep
goes and gets them and it works really,
really well. Distinct no-show types.
Okay, so you got reschedules,
cancellations, and true no-shows. Okay,
these are all different. If you're just
tracking shows and no shows, you're not
doing enough. Reschedules are very
different. Okay, a reschedule you can
fix usually by like, for example, just
not offering the reschedule. That will
reduce it. Cancellations, a lot of the
time they're due to like an online
reputation. So, Google yourself, go
through the process of being a prospect
and see if you have a really shitty
online reputation, try to fix that.
Outdo it with content, get some
reputation management people in, okay?
and try and fix that because they're
going to cancel because when you Google
your name, you come up as a scumbag. And
then true no-shows. Okay, no-shows are a
really tricky one. Like just real true
no-shows because like a lot of the time
it's just because the person forgot.
Like I think that's most of it from from
from my experience. And so having really
good confirmation sequences plays a huge
role. Make sure that you like don't book
people in that sort of you think have no
intent of actually coming. Like you have
to kind of force them onto the call. And
then just make sure that like you're
delivering content. One of the best ways
to do like I think it's Jeremy Haynes is
like the tornado strategy where like in
between like before they're cold they
just get inundated with pure value
content on meta and all the different
platforms and it's a tornado. Okay. All
right. The next one is like uh some sort
of salesy stuff. Okay. So like set to
close. This is how many people are going
through to the closing call if you're
setting. I like to have like a minimum
target. Let's say you're doing a two
call close and you have a setter team
that's doing like the first call. This
is not like outbound. Okay. This is like
an inbound set, right? like a two call
close with a setter and closer team,
right? You want to have like a minimum
pass through rate. The reason being is
because otherwise it'll create a really
shitty culture of people like demanding
better and better and better higher
qualified calls and it's going to create
really toxic and your uh CAC will just
increase like exponentially and you'll
get more and more more leads and the
same amount of sales calls and your
close rate will go up and up and up and
up and up and the sales managers will
pat themselves in the back and go I
aming incredible and the sales reps will
be like look at me when in reality it's
just the fact that you're now spending
an enormous amount of money getting a
lay down lead onto a sales call. like
you've optimized for close rate, which
is the death of your business. Okay, so
like there you go, right? Um I've seen
that many times. I've had it happen to
me, right? Um so yeah, I had someing
average sales managers despite me
telling them they kept optimizing for
close rate, close rate, close rate,
close rate, close rate, and the CA went
like that. This isn't enough sales
organization. So there you go. Stupid
people be doing stupid people things.
All right. Um a close rate, anything
like 30% is a good close rate. If you're
averaging like 50, you you have
problems, right? The reason being is
because like you have too good of a
lead, right? So like your your leads are
justing exceptional, which means that
chances are they're really expensive to
get because like if the average that
means that if it's 50, it means
someone's doing 70, which ising wild,
right? So if your average is 30, you
might have like your Steph Curry doing
40% and everyone else doing 20. Fine. If
you're any higher than that, like you're
too picky or too cheap. So like go up in
price until like you're getting less
clients and more money and then like
that's just higher profit. Right? Now um
if it's too low then maybe it's too easy
to get on a call. So you're just getting
too many people who are unqualified.
You're trying to artificially uh shorten
your sales process and it's just too
difficult. Right? And then
differentiated by lead source and by
closer just to make sure that like
you're not trying to fix a problem that
isn't there. You just have a one
terrible lead source or one terrible
closer. Okay. Average order value which
is like the the average cash amount I
should say. It's more like the average
cash per call. Um, a great way to like
sort of decrease close rate but increase
money and do that the right way is just
to like remove floors. I was asked to
help a kind of a big uh big coaching
company recently, really really
well-known guy. And then I was asked to
sort of come in and just help out a
little bit. And all I really did was go
like I think that we should take away
the six pay. And it was like sweet. And
it was like the close rate didn't go
down. And the and the average cash per
per call went up by $400 across the
board. $400 doesn't sound like a ton,
but when you're talking about like, you
know, hundreds and hundreds of sales,
it's a significant amount of money for
like for nothing extra, right? And it
was just because we took away the six
pay and it was like I'm a genius, right?
So, you can either raise the ceiling or
raise the floor. These are some uh
things that you can do in order to I
think maximize what you're doing. Okay,
lead routing is like number one thing
that you can put into your business and
ways to keep the best reps happy. Okay,
lead routing is incredibly important. I
like a waterfall system, which is like
think of like filling up buckets one at
a time. Waterfall leads in, fill one
bucket up, then that will spill over,
fill for the next bucket up. Okay, that
means that like your top bucket is your
best guy. Like no one gets a call until
that person's full. Okay, Steph Curry be
getting all of the if if you could
design an offense where Steph Curry took
every single shot, uh, you'd win a lot
of basketball games. But it's very
difficult to do that because there's
only so much Steph Curry to go around.
But you want to give him as many as
possible when he's on the field, when
he's on the court. Okay? So, it's the
same with like leads and closers and all
that kind of good stuff. So, I like that
bucketing strategy. You can either have
a person or a software that does it, but
really you fill one person up then the
next and the next and the next and the
next, even to the point where like you
manually reassign. So, like if your top
closer has a call cancel and your number
three closer has a call that's
confirmed, then take that one from the
one that's confirmed and swap those
around. Okay? That's a completely
reasonable strategy that you should be
doing to maximize the performance, the
revenue, the output of your business.
And also, you will keep your top closer
full at all times, which is should be
the goal of your sales manager. And if
it's toing be fair, that's stupid,
right? That person should be fired and
off. Okay? And then like a really
good way is to track your closers based
on ROI. The reason why I like this is
like, oh, if I put 10 grand worth of ad
spend into you, I expect $100,000 back.
If you can't give me that, then what's
your value prop? The cool thing about
this is that they can use things like
referrals, follow-ups, you know, um,
paid in fulls in order to like boost
their stats, which is nothing but good
things. So, all it does is reward the
behavior that you want. Another good
thing that you can do and put in is like
a rep performance management system or
like something where you are getting
them to do the things that you want them
to do by incentivizing them, but also
then having tiers for them to achieve,
which gives them, you know, that
illusion of progression. top closers
like that, okay? It makes them feel
good. If you've been there for two years
killing it and then some new guy comes
in and you're like the same rank, that
doesn't feel good, okay? So, putting
something like that in place, I can do a
more in-depth video on that if you guys
comment down below or comment down below
if you want me to do more in-depth
things on any of these. This is all like
kind of a surface level mini master
class, I should say, that I decided to
put together on the fly about an hour
ago. Okay. So, uh the last one is
um segmenting where your leads come
from. Like know that different lead
sources have different qualities.
YouTube awesome leads really really good
a lot of the time, but like they come
from all over theing shop. They come
from every different country, you know
what I mean? So, like organic stuff is
difficult, right? But if you're doing
like, you know, retargeting off the back
end of videos, they're going to be
really high intent leads. They've
probably gone through a lot of long
form, high trust, higher show rates,
higher close rates, higher cash, yada
yada yada. Tik Tok, lots of leads. They
all suck, right? But you can get
shitloads, so that makes some people
feel good. Like Instagram, you know,
link in bio, link tree, mixed bag, paid
ads. Totally depends on the ad itself.
Website leads usually really good. One
of the more hilarious things that can
happen to stupid business owners is um
where like they start getting sales from
the website and they're like, "Let's
ramp website traffic." And it's like,
"No, you This is an ecosystem."
And it's really just about like the best
leads end up at the website after seeing
a YouTube video and three ads and going
through your Instagram and then they
just end up on your website and then
they opt in there because like they're a
really good strong lead and that's the
journey that they took. Like that's what
happens if you just start doing SEO and
ramping up website traffic. It's not
that the website is a magical lead
generation tool youing Okay.
Uh, I've had that conversation on more
than one occasion to business coaches
who teach sales and marketing,
which is aing terrifying proposition.
So, make sure you have a diverse lead
generation environment where you are
capturing where the leads come from and
then you're able to have unique and
bespoke sales processes designed to
optimize for that particular lead
source. That seems to be the way to make
sense. For example, in Tik Tok, if it's
got a shitty show rate, double book
those mother and go from there. And
before you fix anything, most people
break more than they fix. Every single
tweak you do adds a variable. Variables
add uncertainty. To win, simplify,
analyze metric bytric, fix one thing at
a time, and keep human error to a
minimum. That is how you do the
successes.
How that help you spy?
