If you want to be a top 1enter, can you
work 8 to 10 hours a day with nobody
telling you what to do?
I think AI is at the same place as like
the internet was in the early 2000s.
Like I don't think it's going to replace
people, but people using AI will replace
people. Chat GBT will not teach you how
to sell, but being able to show it data
like where do I need to focus my
attention to get the highest possible
uplift or even asking it questions like,
you know, what are some unusual patterns
that I'm unlikely to recognize? And I
think that what AI does is it takes away
some of the barrier of having to be
techy.
You change one metric per month and if
you can significantly increase 12
metrics across a sales process or even a
sales call, you have a significantly
increased outcome by the end of it. Hey
guys, what's up? Matt here. Welcome to
the episode of Coffee is for Closers.
Myself and Kaden. Uh the dirty Sanchez
back. Dirty dirty. Uh yeah, what we're
going to be going over today is AI. Um
probably not going to do too much
ranting and raving about uh sales AI,
but like we'll go through that. But also
just like AI tools u that we use as uh
sales people, people who identify as
salesmen, right? Or sales them, I
believe is the term. Is it sales them?
Is that what it is? Salesperson.
Salesperson. Gentle them. Um, yeah. I
was I was on stream the other day and I
wore a t-shirt that said my pronouns are
[ __ ] you and I forgot I was wearing it.
I was streaming.
That's a That's a good one. I mean, it
it fits. It It is. It's uh equally
discriminating to everybody, which I
feel is probably the way to live life.
Okay, so actually I'm actually we'll
start with this. This is the Limitless
AI pen pendant. There's a couple of
them. I love I love all these little AI
tools and hacks. Um I use this one. This
like if the lights on, it's recording,
right? Um as I used to tell my wife, if
the red light's on, it means it's off,
right? So, uh
so you leave it on, don't you? Yeah,
exactly. No, no, no, baby. The red light
means it's off. Um so, uh it it records
everything that I say in all the
conversations. And if I'm like on the
phone, I just have it on like speaker
phone, stuff like that. And then uh what
it what I do is it has like an app on my
phone and then it basically uh will give
me like summaries of my entire day and
so it's it's uh like my my assistant
I've I've got Beth back by the way. Hell
yeah. You know that. So she's got access
to it and then like uh if you
doubleclick this here right then it goes
uh gold and I can just say hey this is
the start of the podcast and then from
there it will start compiling
everything. uh into like a specific time
chunk and then I can uh ask it questions
and I can just go in there and I can
chat. I can be like, "Hey, like I have
it on all day. I can be like, "Hey, my
wife said something around 10:00 a.m.
about like a school function like what
was that?" And it kind of brings it up
and then it will summarize and you use
it mainly to stay on track. Um, so that
like cuz I I think both of us uh, you
know, get get ADD out or ADHD out, you
know, where we get distracted and we we
tell people things with like the best
intentions and then we get distracted.
Do you use it to more make sure you're
not forgetting things or is it like
strategy to help you increase? No, it's
to make sure that I don't forget things.
So, at the end of the day, I'll sit down
and go, what are all the sort of tasks
that I said I was going to do and what
are and then I can compile that into a
list and then I can put it um into my
like, you know, like there's Google's
got like a to-do list, right? And I use
that because uh you can get email
summaries and then it will automatically
compile like Gemini in G in Gmail will
you can have it automatically compile
to-do list based on your emails.
That's that's pretty smart though. Um
not not that everything you do isn't
smart, but you know, some of the things
are arguable. Um
but uh it it's smart not because it's
just compiling your to-do list, but like
as I think about that, it takes away a
lot of your probably mental bandwidth to
where you don't you don't now you no
longer have to think about the to-do
list. You just do it. It sounds like
Yeah. Yeah. And then like for example
like uh Ben, our CTO at Dialer, he's
essential to what we do and sort of some
of what he does, he just does it. So I
got him one of these and so every
meeting he's on, everything he has is
all compiled, right? But then also just
all the conversations and as I'm like as
he's like I I even do use it when I go
to the gym. I just say like, you know,
one set, you know, 100 kilo bench press,
12 reps, you know, just stuff like that.
and I say my workout, I say my food, and
I have like a an accurate representation
of what I worked out of, of like all the
weights that I lifted, and I can just
look and then I compile that. And then
what I do is um in my um like in my
calendar, I'll go through and copy and
paste and put it into like the event.
And so then when I work out the next
day, you know, or the next week, I can
go back and saw like what weights I did,
right? Because I like tracking all that.
And so it just allows me to sort of
remember everything and then um
you sort of don't have to go backwards
to move forwards. You can just kind of
keep moving forwards. And then if you've
got anyone in your organization that's
just like essential and you're always
like man like and I need a comprehensive
record of everything this person does,
then it's a great way to do that. And
then it also links up with a tool that I
use on my computer called Rewind, which
is about the same company, but that
screen records everything all the time,
but it also audio records. So, it's
audio recording. What's the benefit of
that? So, uh, anytime what it's doing is
it does an analysis of every word on the
screen. So I all I have to do is go
command and then swipe back with three
fingers on my laptop and type in any
word or any name and it comes up with
every single instance of that, right?
And so and then I can give it context
and it will bring up the screen
recording with the audio and then I'll
talk on top of like what I'm doing in
the computer because I know that it's
doing it. So I'll I'll give some more
context as I'm speaking and that way
it's basically perfect recall. So if
anyone's like, "Oh, you said this." It
be like, "I don't remember that. I was
on a meeting this year." I can go, "Go
to the meeting." And it's like way
easier than trolling through meeting
notes or whatever because it's every
word or every keyword and I can just
search it, find it, grab the screen
recording, and then like get it
summarized and email it off type stuff.
And it will also automatically compile,
you know, meeting notes and stuff like
that. But I use Gemini for that anyway.
But it's a um like super handy way of
just having perfect recall with
everything. And it means that you're
just way less likely to just make
mistakes, but also just forget to do key
things. And if you you are doing certain
key processes, it's sort of a really
good way of just documenting them and
then it stores it on a server, right?
It's almost like a way you could also
hold yourself accountable. uh like like
if you struggle because I I think a lot
of sales reps and we we both know this.
We we both have uh worked around a lot
of sales reps. A big struggle of sales
reps is sometimes that they they want it
to be a different problem other than
just them themselves. Yeah. Exactly. And
yeah, I think it's like if you're being
watched, you know, it was interesting. I
was having a meeting uh a friend of
mine.
He was like, "Hey, I've got this really
old friend of mine. and he's had a rough
life and he wants to kind of, you know,
get back get into something and I want
him to get into sales. Would you chat to
him? I was like, "Yeah, sure. I'll chat
to him." So, I spoke to him and the guy
was really nice and he was uh but it was
it was like, you know, I was like, you
know, the big difference between most
reps, like if you want to be a top
1enter is you got to be willing to work
just work full days and be he's like,
"Oh, I'll work." I was like, "Yeah, but
the difference is, man, no one's going
to tell you what to do." Yep. I was
like, can you work 8 to 10 hours a day
with nobody not not looking over your
shoulder, but nobody telling you what to
do? Nobody else holding Well, it's an
interesting phenomenon because
in in all of societ, I would assume it's
the same way in Australia, but
especially here in the States, in a
regular job, you're not rewarded for
working that hard. You know, if like if
I go into my 9 to5 and I finish early,
they don't pay me more money and I don't
get to leave. they give me someone
else's work. And so I basically am
constantly getting taught to be
inefficient. Even in grade school, be
inefficient, be inefficient, be
inefficient, be inefficient. U like like
I had to go to a uh my my parents sent
me to a private high school because I
was getting in a bunch of trouble. Um
but all my grades were good through
elementary and middle school. And so it
was like, why are you doing this? And it
was basically because I would finish my
work before everybody and then I would
just be an absolute [ __ ] Um hell yeah.
Yeah. And they sent me to a harder
school and then no more problems. Yeah.
I don't [ __ ]
Yeah. It's like I I did the work before
everybody. Now I get to [ __ ] around.
Right. Uh there Oh, yeah. No, it makes
it makes total sense. I mean, and I
think one of the hard things is as well
is they don't people don't know what to
do. you know, if if you have inbound
book calls, you know, it's like sweet,
but then that's only going to be like
three to four hours a day
because but with no show rates and stuff
like that, it's like what do you do for
the other four?
And I think people just don't do
anything. And that's because they don't
one I don't think they realize they're
not doing anything. So tools like these,
like they're phenomenal ways to,
you know, actually figure out what
you're doing.
um and then go, okay, but then you've
got to sort of create a plan,
you know, and I think if you use some of
these tools, um then you can start to
get a summary of like what's working and
and what's not working and you can start
to sort of streamline [ __ ] a little bit
more and you can actually start using
your time more effectively. Um but I
mean, don't get any of these tools if
you're working three hours a week. It's
like three hours a day. It's just a
waste of your waste of everyone's time.
Well, you could almost even if you don't
know where to come up with the plan, uh
you you could literally tell Chat GPT
how you make money, what your commission
plan is, coach it through it, and then
you could feed it all the information
from these other tools. Yeah. And you
can even screenshot your your your you
can screenshot your calendar and you can
put it in there and say you know and
then screen put all your data in and
then say you know based on all the data
that I have and my you know my
day-to-day this is what I want to do
this is how much money I want to make
this is all this like what would be a
good daily routine and how much work
should I do and all this kind of stuff
and it will sort of tell you like a
pretty good estimation because if you
have for example date timestamps on
every call you've done, whether it's a
show or a no-show, congratulations. You
can now do an analysis of per day, per
day of week, per time of day show ups.
And so, like, if you go to the gym at
1:00 every single day, or at 1:00
Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, and
Tuesday and Thursday at 1:00 is your
highest show rate, like you should move
your gym time, daddy. You know, just be
efficient. Yeah, exactly. So, you can
move things around. One of the first
things I do if a company wants me to
help out is I always ask them are they
tracking show up rate per time of day
and they're like no. I was like well can
you get the data because like that would
be helpful because what if all of your
team meetings are in stupid times?
They're like oh yeah and all of a sudden
you just like take out the dumb team
meetings and then you know like add a
little bit more efficiency and all of a
sudden you get a 10 15% uplift in sales
just because it was a a better way of
doing the diary and you got more shows.
That's really it. You're just
reorganizing time. I I've used uh Chachi
BT for that quite a bit on my on my own
calendar. Yeah. Just balancing all of
the different things that are moving
like different moving parts. Uh
especially when we when we had the new
baby because I had to find time that
didn't exist. Exactly.
Like you know I I use it a lot. I I use
chat GPT a lot. I'll um you know I'll
I'll I'll feed it uh like like sales
call transcripts
you know and then if I if I can feed it
like say 10 good calls and like when I
was onboarding my sales rep for Dialer
Frankie I was like uh like I haven't
really sort of written script cuz I'm
just doing it. And so what I did is I
just put like 10 of the calls that I did
in there and I was like, "Hey, break
down a framework and a step by step of
how I'm doing this." And it was
fantastic.
It was like really good. So good. And
then I could even change it. I could be,
"Hey, make this an EPQ style or make
this a straight line style or make this
this and it would just do it." You know,
that's where people mess up. Uh I think
that's where people mess up AI, though,
is um you've been using it long enough,
you probably don't even really think
about it. But if you don't if you don't
ask it what to do properly, it will
it it does it well, but you have to give
it context and perspective from from
which to write from. You know, even like
when I did my calendar, it it gave me my
calendar, you know, the whole week as I
went through it. Uh, and and it was a
decently long thread. Uh, but it just
wasn't doing what I wanted it to. And
finally I I just said, "What perspective
are you writing this from?" And I don't
remember what perspective it said. Um,
but it was one that I was like, "Yeah,
that doesn't like you're this is way
off, right?" And I gave it the
perspective of what I wanted it to shoot
from. And then it did it perfectly.
Yeah. You got to be very precise what
you're asking for cuz you're getting
you're getting uh pure logic back, you
know? So whatever whatever you tell it
to do, right, then it's going to do that
in the most literal form. It's not going
to like interpret your words, you know,
cuz it also it's it's on text. There's
no tonality. There's no nothing, you
know? I also find that um asking it how
to prompt is good. So like, hey, how do
I prompt you to do this? And then also
you can if you talk to it as well like
if you do the talk mode as well I find
that you get a lot more kind of
productive back and forth because you
can make it ask you questions and you
know and stuff like that and you can
sort of you know kind of ramble a little
bit and you find that you end up over
speaking but then that can provide a lot
more context you know for the for the
task that you're doing and um you know
it's it's a game changer for a lot of
sales reps and a lot of businesses that
they start just running their data
through it. Yeah, the just running your
data through it, you don't even really
have to do much. You can literally just
give it a bunch of uh data and it will
it it'll interpret it and it'll do
amazing things with it. It's pretty
impressive and it'll show you really
where to focus. Do do you have like a
prompt um like that that is your general
format or do you just talk it into
oblivion? No, I just I just I just talk
it a lot, but I but I sort of I guess I
just know how to do it. I've been doing
it for so long. You have to be really
really precise you know like if you want
an image you're like I would like an
image in this style you know I want it
to be like from this aspect I want to
see these details you know you just like
you you sort of ask it anything like
you're asking it to make an image
you know you just go like show me an
elephant it could like if you want if in
your head you wanted hyperrealistic and
you don't ask for hyperrealistic it's
got no reason to show you hyperrealistic
or if you're going to
Yeah, exactly. You know what? There was
a really funny thing which I think is
interesting where there was a while
there. Well, I don't know if it's still
the case where no matter what you did,
you could not get chat GBT to show you
an image of a full wine glass,
right? It would always you go, I want it
so I want it full like so full. There's
wine overflowing and spilling out the
edges. And it would just show you a half
full wine glass every time. And it was
like, this is a wine glass. It's so
full. It's so And it was like, no more.
Oh, sorry. I'll change that. And it was
like, "This is so full like that." And
it was describing it and it was just
always half full because you've never
seen a wine glass that wasn't half full.
Like no one makes no one pours a wine
glass all the way to the top and takes a
photo of it. So the only literally
didn't know. Yeah. It just doesn't know
what it looks like. So because it's not
it's not making things, it's it's
stitching things, right? So like which
is interesting and that that when I saw
that I was like oh that's interesting.
So you have to be you know you'd have to
sort of give it a different reference
point in order for it to do that. And it
might still be the same. I'm not really
sure but I'm sure it's probably better
now because the new image generation
stuff is amazing. Um but I thought that
was funny. It's just because there's not
a single picture on the internet of a
full wine glass. That's pretty crazy to
think about it. There's not one on the
internet. Yeah. there wasn't any that it
could find anyway and it was well like
you know whenever you see like a red
wine right it's just always like you
know the what is it like the bottom
third or the bottom half of the of the
of the of the glass no one's filling
them all the way to the top the tippy
tippy top like a beer you know it's not
classy exactly you know alcoholic it
yeah it does yeah no one's taking photos
of that anyway um so yeah yeah so you
know I've been using that for a while I
think like you can get a really good
idea. I I train a lot of uh reps and I'm
always like if you can get the
transcript of your call and this is even
like you know business owners if you if
you're struggling like what do I do for
a show sequence? Well, why don't you get
20 calls loaded up or 50 calls loaded up
and say what are the most common
questions that are stopping people from
moving forward, right? you know, and
it's like you get a bunch of them or
like what are the questions that are
going unanswered or what are the common
threads that people are having coming in
about questions that I could answer
beforehand and you'll get five or six
like common threads then you just do a
video or a little article on each one of
those and it's so simple and it's like
now you actually have the ability to do
that like seamlessly and you can have a
little chat bot or a little bot or
whatever chat that's going on for each
one of your reps upload their sales
calls right and then you can get like
you know what they're good out what
they're bad at. You can upload their
data and you can have things for each
individuals. And then if you have if you
want to put all the resources of the
business, then you can create a little
chat bot for your team to be able to ask
it questions and you know um and you can
have all of the resources of of the of
the company there and that way like
they're they're never not going to be
they're never not going to have the
information in which they require and so
like it's so that you couldn't do that
before. It's it's it's that it's a
thousand times easier now and it's
cheap. Yeah. You know. Yeah. I I I've
got chat GBT operator. I don't really
use it much. I don't really think it's
there yet where it'll button click for
you. Oh, really? Right. So, you can get
it do tasks, right? So, like you can get
it to like log in and book travel. Do
you know what I mean? Um, and and it can
definitely do stuff like that pretty
pretty pretty pretty simply, but it's
sort of I think probably 6 12 months
away and then it will be able to do
things quite well because it's quite
like you have to be again you have to be
very specific and you know if you don't
sort of watch it it'll do something
weird, right? You don't know that's a
that's an actual task. So if you're not
watching it that's kind of a big deal.
Yeah. Exa Exactly. So, you know, and I'm
sure that once you have it really really
dialed in, you can have it just do like
a daily repetitive toss. Like you could
have it, you know, go in every day and
just sort your emails and then compile
your emails into a Google doc, right?
Like with the headline and a link, you
could do that and once you watched it do
it a couple times and you were giving it
like updates and little tweaks, then it
would be, you know, kind of like like
like a like good to go. Um, yeah. So, I
think like if people aren't using it,
they definitely should be. Um, and I
think that from a sales rep perspective,
they can probably make themselves a lot
better just by having a really good
understanding as to what they're good
at, what they're bad at, you know. Um, I
recently had a rep that I'm working a
business that I'm working with and and
she like just started smashing everyone.
Like [ __ ] she's smashing everyone. And
um, her name is Sophia. And like then I
I was like, "All right, cool. What are
you doing?" And it was basically she's
just tracking all the stuff that I told
her to track and she'd been tracking it
like meticulously and then putting all
of her calls through the AI and going
like okay like what are the common
threads and just asking questions
starting to understand more and more and
more about how she sells what she's good
at what she's bad at and taking a really
active role in achieving her goals and
man she's like doubled her income you
know yeah she's not necessarily looking
for it to teach her how to sell she's
looking for it to show her where to
focus yes because Chad GBT will not
teach you cell doesn't
No, it doesn't do humans. Um, but being
able to show it data and then go like
where do I need to focus my attention to
get the highest possible uplift or even
asking it questions like, you know, what
what what are some unusual patterns that
I'm unlikely to recognize?
And then we'll go, oh, here this. You're
like, oh, okay, yep, sweet. That makes
sense. You know, can you explain how
you're seeing that? why you're seeing
that, are there any, you know,
adjustments that you would make based
off what you're seeing, stuff like that.
And you can start to get a good idea and
start to be an active participant. And I
think that what AI does is it takes away
some of the barrier of having to be
techy because I can just put a CSV file
in there. I can just, you know, put
screenshots in there and I don't have to
be particularly techy in order to start
getting the outcomes of someone who's
doing like deep data analytics work.
you can get the same the same outcomes
now from Exactly. from just doing that.
And one thing that you mentioned there
that I think is really important is
pushing back on it, right? Pushing not
not necessarily pushing it back and and
being like double check your work,
although I do think that is good
sometimes, but asking it questions, not
just feeding the the data and taking it.
It's what perspective are you writing
this from? What what are you know what
else are you thinking? Is there anything
else? like just asking it more questions
and and more having a conversation with
it than just speaking to it. Yes. I
always say thank you for one day it's
eventually our overlord and then
hopefully they show mercy upon you.
Well, it's happening. Yeah. You can't
stop it. It's happening probably at the
probably as we speak. Literally, it's
progressing crazy. Well, because the the
AI is progressing itself at this point.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I know that the new
Google one coming out I think will be a
huge game changer for businesses because
Google Meet is uh uh they have the auto
translate. So I just speak and you hear
in whatever language you want in real
time.
Yeah. So that combined with I think like
the new Google uh the new version of
Google Glass which is just like you know
looks like normal glasses but that's got
like real time translation like AR
overlay.
Um and you know if and and it's got
real-time translation via speech as
well. So you just sit there having a
chat in a conversation and all of a
sudden you just start hearing English
and it's like oh man like that's taken
away barriers. So like you can translate
your ads, you know, into hello. You can
translate your ads and then you can have
a sales call and I can speak in English
and they can hear it in Spanish or
Chinese or whatever. So like that's
going to be a game changer for for
businesses. Like they're going to be
able to expand markets extremely
quickly. Expand markets and even just
like expand where you're pulling your
workforce from. Yes. Yeah. And you don't
have to worry about the whole, you know,
it's, you know, just like the whole Star
Wars thing. the reason why they can all
speak cuz they're all got universal
translators like you know what I mean
like it's just we can understand any
language. So that'll be huge and I think
that'll start to expand markets and that
will like especially for like high
ticket type space that'll probably be
like the next big boom will be like
bringing in a lot of the other countries
and you know you can sort of do you can
re recycle some of the old marketing
stuff they haven't seen before so you
can go back to 2019 and start you know
ramping it up again.
Okay. So it should be fun. Um, yeah.
It's going to be crazy. I I think AI is
at the same place as like the internet
was in the early 2000s. Like I don't
think it's going to replace people. Um,
but people using AI will replace people.
Yeah. I think it's just going to make uh
the people who use it a lot more
efficient. And then the reps especially
in the business owners who adopted to
analyze their sales and marketing and do
it well. I don't even mean like using
you know gong to like analyze every call
but I think you know if you want to an
put every call in there and then look
for trends I think the issue is that
people are looking people who have like
you know misguided ways of using data
already will go further into the rabbit
hole and it will make them far worse
because they will like overanalyze small
individual bits of data whereas if you
can just compile lots of it and then get
trends I think it will be you know you
use it that Okay. Then you can make some
smart actionable choices. Put your P&Ls
in every month, you know, and then all
of a sudden have a pattern versus a
one-off. Exactly. And that's what AI is
really good for is finding patterns that
you're unlikely to see yourself. Yep.
And and that's the key to sort of
problem solving your business or problem
solving your sales or your marketing,
whatever. But if you're, you know, is to
understand and find those patterns and
then be able to take like one small
actionable step and then test to see if
it worked out. And if you do that, like
say you change one metric per month,
you've got 12 metrics over a year. And
if you can significantly increase 12
metrics across a sales process or even a
sales call, you have a significantly
increased outcome by the end of it.
Yeah. Um, all right. Well, that's enough
for today. If you guys are looking for
this kind of guidance on a regular
basis, go down below and you'll be able
to see you can apply for Mine and
Cadence Sniper Insurance, right? Uh so
if you want to be a part of that, go
down there below and uh you can go down
to the funnel and then put your details
in and uh hop on a call and we will uh
scream at you and tell you're not good
enough uh and provide you with the
father figure which you are so
desperately needing. So yeah, exactly.
All right, guys. Thanks so much and uh
we will see you
