In this video, I'm going to give you a
cheat code that means you no longer have
to worry about the skill of getting
better at sales, but you can actually
cheat your way into being the best rep
on the team. So, follow me and I'm going
to show you exactly how I've developed a
system that has made me the top rep in
every single company I've been in over
the last 15 years. Okay? All right,
let's go through. First of all, it's all
about having an unfair advantage. The
first thing I'm going to go through is a
follow-up system. I'm going to teach you
how to actually follow up with people,
okay? And that will give you an unfair
advantage because most reps are lazy as
[ __ ] right? But not all this is going
to be like just pound outbound. That's
not what it's going to be. I always had
this like a diagram or like a whiteboard
next to my desk and this is how I kept
track of all my follow-ups. I found that
as a sales rep, the thing I struggled
most with with follow-up was just doing
it. And the reason for that is because
there just didn't seem to be like a a
good system. And I think everyone tries
to use automations and everyone tries to
do all these things, but like none of it
really works. And so I wanted to be good
at follow-up. I wanted to have a good
track of my sales be from follow-up. And
there's so much money in it. So what did
I need? I needed like a visual reference
points that made it so that it was in my
face all of the time. All right. So here
it is. So we have days out from sale. So
90 60 30 147 and then you got your sale.
And down here we have like potential
commissions. So in my 90day, okay, we
have 30,000 worth of potential
commissions. In my 14 day, we have
2,000. I'm just using arbitrary numbers
here. And the goal was that every single
time I have a either time blocked out in
my diary to do follow-ups or even
better, I have it as a planned yet
unscheduled activity, right? So planned,
right? But unscheduled.
Okay, that means that it's like one of
the boxes that I have to tick for the
week, but I know that I'm going to have
no shows. And so, I'm going to do it in
that time. And what I want to do is like
I have Jeff, right? And my goal is to
get Jeff from 90 down to sale. But like
that's a really big thing to do. And so
what it's going to be is it's going to
be like Jeff is going to go from here to
here to here to here to here, right? And
so each time I go and I and I have this
like a no-show, I'm going to pick some
people and I'm going to go like, "Okay,
well, when was the last time I reached
out to them?" Okay, Jeff rejected a
couple days ago. Let's talk about Can
Andy. Scott. Oh, okay. Scott. Reach out
to Scott. Boom. Turns out Scotty is like
solved his problem. Now he's good to go.
Now he's 7 days out. So now I can move
Scotty down. I'm like, "Sweet." And then
I can, you know, change this to change
this, etc., etc., right? So now I've got
more people down there. But really, I
just want to hop people down. I just
want to hop them down. It's nothing.
Just tap it in. Just give a little
tappy. Little tap tap taparoo. Okay. And
like this changed the game for me
because just having a visual like
representation of how much money I could
make from each one of those things. It
stopped it being fake and it stopped it
being like a pipeline in a CRM. And I
was like, "Oh man, like there's, you
know, 70,000 bucks or whatever it is
there." And I'm like, "Oh, this is
sick." So like I want to go after that
money. Also, like you can condense your
pipeline. Maybe there's deals that you
can do with stuff like that. May maybe,
you know, might be end of the quarter
and you want to do a bit of a cash push
or maybe you're going to go on holiday
for 2 3 weeks. You're like, man, I
really want to have some extra cash. So
now you just hammer everyone. Okay, you
try and negotiate with your boss so you
can get a deal going. Maybe you can get
like, hey, for the next 2 weeks it's
like no joining fee or some [ __ ] like
that, right? So that you can sort of
start pushing people down that line. But
this saved me cuz as someone who's like
relatively unorganized, ADHD, other kind
of stuff, this was like a way that I
never forgot to do it. Now, once you
have this good to go, then we want to do
like what is followup and how do we do
it? The first thing is like they have to
want the product or service. What
follow-up is not, and in a little bit
I'm going to go over what not to do with
followup. What follow-up is not it? It's
not like you setting an appointment in 2
weeks with someone who doesn't want the
thing just because you couldn't overcome
an objection. Like this is we've gone
through there's an obstacle in the way
and we're going to overcome it. So they
want the product or service incredibly
clear. Then we agree on the obstacle. Is
it time? Is it money? Is there something
in the way? And once we figure out the
box and we're looking to tick the box,
right? So we need to they want it. We
agree upon the obstacle like whatever
concern it is. We agree upon a timeline.
Okay. The way that I like to word that
is I like to go hey how long do you
think it will take you to you know solve
XYZ problem? Takes 3 weeks. Hey if I
challenge you to do it in two you think
you could do it. Yep. Sweet. All right
cool. Then what we do now that we set a
schedule. This is a big one that most
people don't do. The way that I do that
is go, okay, hey how often are you okay
with me reaching out to you to make sure
that you're on track, right? And they're
like oh you know I think I should be
okay. It's like, "What if I reached out
to you once a week?" Like, "Would that
be cool?" They're like, "Yep, sweet. So,
now we've set a schedule." Okay. And
what we're not going to do is like set
appointments. This is like a a follow-up
schedule. And this is where you can just
be direct and go, "Hey, how are you
going with X?" You don't have to do
value based follow. All that stuff is
for people who like are super long-term,
6, 12, 18 months. They don't really know
what the obstacle is and they don't
really know the timeline. That's more of
like an ethereal type thing. Okay. Then
you have to be diligent. That that's
really important. You need to set these
things as tasks in your CRM. I'm going
to go through CRM and how you do it in a
second. Okay? But you need to be
diligent with these things. You need to
follow up with these people. You need to
set tasks for yourself. Don't forget.
And the goal should be to have like at
least 30% of your sales be coming from
follow-up. You want 30% of your sales
coming from like people who are say, you
know, anywhere from 7 to 90 days out.
What that means is that you're going to
be heavily insulated from the ups and
downs of marketing, right? Marketing is
always going to kind of go up peak and
you're going to have feast and famine.
Then from there, what you can do is you
can go back to this, right? This this
whole this this follow-up bad boy. You
can go back to it and go, okay, I have
all these people. All I have to do is
just try and condense them down. And
then that gives me the time to then, you
know, that gives me that time to sort of
build it back up while the marketing is
getting fixed. you sort of cash out this
entire thing and then you go back to
business as usual and then you start
with a blank slate and you start adding
people to it again. Okay, which means
that like hopefully the point is that
your sales stays relatively similar. It
doesn't go like
okay, which is what people do when they
when they when they offer hop. So they
want it, you understand the obstacle,
agree on a timeline, set a schedule,
you're diligent 30 and 30%. That is a
cheat code to getting more sales. Now
these are the follow-up don'ts. Do not
set meetings unless they are in. You
don't need to hop on a 20-minute phone
call to discuss the payment plan that
someone's not going to do. Do we
understand that? We don't need that.
It's ridiculous. So, you can say, "Hey,
I'll speak to you at some stage next
Wednesday." And then you might try and
get in touch with them, text them, email
them, call them, whatever. But do not
set up meetings with people who are not
like, "Yes, I've solved the concern."
Follow-up is not a fallback when you
can't handle objections. What it's not
is uh like, "Hey, I guess we should just
like schedule a call for two weeks." No,
that's not followup. That's just you
getting ghosted. Okay. Automation
does not replace action. Oh, but Matt,
can I can I just automate? No, you're
lazy and poor. Just text and call
people. It's not that [ __ ] difficult.
Automations will not be an effective
follow-up tool for you. They can be a
part of it, but you have to do it.
You're a sales rep. I know it's hard. I
know it's hard, but you suck and you're
lazy. Okay, you the one watching this,
don't let status
don't let status [ __ ] stop you. Just
make the sale. I don't care.
>> People are like, you know, you want to
maintain your status.
>> Now, you know what I want to do? I want
to make [ __ ] sales. I don't give a
[ __ ] about status. I don't care. And
that is the highest status thing you can
do. Does everyone know that? Do you know
that not caring about status is the
highest status you can do? Don't give
two [ __ ] what you think or these people
think. I'm like my status comes from my
ability to do my job well and I am
trying to get that person to buy a
product or service. So, I am going to be
amanable. I'm going to be available.
yada yada yada. Do not let status
[ __ ] stop you. Oh, well, you know,
I'm I'm available for 17 minutes in 3
weeks. Hey, no, I got time tomorrow when
you want to. Hey, you know, I'm a
[ __ ] sales machine. I am a sales
machine. Okay, so here here's a story
about a follow-up. Okay, so there's a
large company other than mind. It was
Pace Morby's company. So Pace Morby,
Nick Fishcher, okay, Nick Fisher is a
good friend of mine. I really like him.
I met him through this process. Okay, we
met at one of Cole Gordon's events and
they were looking to come on to Der and
they're a big organization cuz they have
a lot of different brands and [music]
initially I had the first sales
conversation in April. I had about four
or five different meetings with
different people, tech people, stuff
like that. And I didn't sell them until
September. So, it took all those many
months. Now, as part of my follow-up, I
sent tons of text messages. I called
them all the time. I also sent I'll put
some photos up. I sent them the word
dialer spelled out in balloons because
they had received the proposal, but they
had not signed it. And the note said, "A
friendly reminder to sign your proposal
from your friends at Dialer." Now, this
is the kind of stuff that I do because
like I'm a huge fan of follow-up. I
think it's amazing. I even got feedback
that their reps loved it so much that
they went and started to do more
follow-up. And so follow-up is something
that I think like you should embrace.
You should be into. It's a lot of fun. I
recently sold Cardone Ventures and I
have message after message of them
ignoring me at first. And I don't take
it personally. It's fine. It's not a big
deal. But what it is is it's me being
relentless and I make little jokes out
of it and stuff like that. But I am
relentless when it comes to follow-up.
Just I follow my process. I come here, I
create my follow-up, I understand what
it is. I'm not going to set meetings up
unless they're in or unless they're
like, you know, if they're a big
company, they need to talk about
something specific or if they're need to
have a specific conversation, then we'll
do that, right? But that needs to be
like it can't just be, hey, let's meet
in 2 weeks for no reason. Follow-up is
not when you can't overcome an
objection. I don't use automations,
right? One of the best like ways to do
it is just to send them like pattern
interrupts, like memes, gifts, videos. I
have cameos that I send people out. Some
of them are funny, some of them are
aggressive, right? And don't let status
get in your way. If you let status get
in your way, you are missing out on
money 100%. And if you think that like a
lot of status comes from money, then why
miss out on money for the for the sake
of status, okay? It's [ __ ] stupid.
All right, but this is like CRM and this
is like hacking. I'm going to teach you
the deep dark secrets of being a truly
scumbag rep. And when I mean that, I
mean like there's no eye in team.
Scumbag rep to the other reps in the in
the business, not to the prospects. The
prospects are going to love you. But
tasks are your best friend. CRM farming,
I'm going to teach you how to do it. So
tasks are your best friend. In your CRM,
you use your task. As soon as you have a
follow-up to do, you set a task to do
it. You need to remind yourself to do
things. You have to set tasks. So like,
use the task. They're your best friend.
Rank all of the reps. Okay, I'll tag my
seven levels of rep video. Rank all of
the reps in the business from best to
worst. And then we are going to go after
the no sales, the no shows, and the
follow-up pipeline of all of the worst
reps.
Okay? So, if you've got Billy and this
or this person, this person, you know,
there's that guy in your team right now
who like just can't overcome objections
for [ __ ] Yeah. Well, if you can, then
start getting his guys. So, what you
have to do is figure out what is the
rule for when a lead becomes fair game.
When does it become fair game? Now if
there is no rule then do it whenever you
want and then they'll make a rule right
I guarantee it but you have to have that
and what you do is you set an alert okay
for when that person's leads you can
usually set alerts that only you can see
in the same way you can usually build
list that only you can see you can set
alerts for when like that person if they
haven't been spoken to in 2 weeks or if
they're 2 weeks post sale only automated
stuff has gone out in my businesses it's
like automated follow-up doesn't count
as contact it has to be like manual and
so what you do is you set up an alert
for the worst reps and all of their no
sales, right? Because let's just say the
worst reps don't sell three people a day
and there's three of them. It's nine
opportunities a day for people who went
all the way through. At least one of
them is a lay down. I guarantee you they
just suck at sales, right? So, you set
alerts. It's like 14 days. You just give
them a call. Hey, I saw that you had a
chat with Jimmy, you know, and that you
had a couple issues with XYZ. Run me
through like what were you looking to
achieve? That's it. You need to know how
to use the CRM
better
than everyone else. Like imagine a
sniper who couldn't maintain their own
rifle. That person would be a ridiculous
joke of a human. We can all agree upon
that. A sales rep who doesn't deeply
understand the CRM is a joke of a human.
So if that's you, you can either choose
to ignore what I say or you could accept
that it's truth and then you could start
to try and do better. But I tell you
what, he who knows the CRM best wins. I
could probably come into all of your
offers, not sit any sales calls and make
more money than most of you because I
would like get all everyone's no sales
and everyone's no shows and I could
probably farm deals through text. You
would be shocked as to how effective
that is if you just give it a crack if
you really know how to use a CRM. I know
how to use all the filters and it's like
uh when I was a rep I would have special
filters set up for certain ways that
people answer certain application
questions so that I had speed to lead
and like the best leads that came in so
that I and I knew what the best what the
best question answers were for the
questions and I knew had a filter for
all that so I could just have like bing
bing bing done these are all the best
leads as soon as they come in and then
like just check it all the time lead
comes in bang call them if you have a
speed lead under five minutes you're 100
times more likely to sell that person
that's a true stat and and you block out
time during low show rate times to
really kind of farm the CRM and do that.
All right. Okay. So, that is like the
trick. That is the cheat code to
absolutely smashing sales. If you have a
strategic way of doing follow-up where
you're actually chasing the sale,
chasing the money, and you're organized
about it, and you farm the CRM like
this, right, which is just going after
the like the worst reps scraps, it's a
easy five to seven sales a month, guys.
Like this is easy. This is scumbag
operations 101 and I'm all about it.
When I was on Sniper Force, one of the
guys running it said, "If you are not
cheating, you are not trying. And if I
catch you cheating, I'll [ __ ] crucify
you." Which is short for like just don't
get [ __ ] caught. So I know that any
of this is cheating, but it like it
feels like cheating, right? But you're
there to make the most amount of sales
as possible. And this is one of the
strategies that you can use to do it. No
one teaches this [ __ ] because no one's
[ __ ] right. It's got the brain power,
right? This is scumbag operations
because Hessa excel scumbag. Let me know
if you're still here. Comment scumbag
down below. All right. Yeah, guys. This
is how you do it.
