Tonality is your ability to convey how a
person should feel and so they can
understand the intent of your question
very clearly. The problem is a lot of
people don't understand the emotional
journey that someone has to go through
on a sales call in order to effectively
convey the correct intent. In today's
video, I'm going to break down exactly
what people should be feeling and when
when you're in a sales call and how
teach you how to convey the exact
intent, not only with like vocal cues,
but with certain types of questions,
what to say, what not to say, so that
you can actually have the person feel
and understand exactly what they're
supposed to at the right time. Hence,
making sales easier and more predictable
for you. I even have a little graph that
I made. So, let's get into the video.
Okay. On the on the vertical axis, we
have emotions raising from hope all the
way at the top to despair all the way at
the bottom. Okay. I figured those were
like the opposite thing. Okay. And then
we've got the intro being the beginning
and then we've got like the pitch being
kind of the end of the emotional
journey. Um we can talk about objection
handling. However, I feel like this is a
good line. Then what we have is we have
this cross-section here. So this is
going to like this delineates half of
the call. Okay? And then we have the
half of the emotional line. Now, what we
have to realize first and foremost is
that like we're taking these people
through this little squiggly line,
right? Is we have the emotional curve.
Now, these lines here, what they do is
they like they dissect it a bit. And
it's because anyone kind of below this
line, right? Anyone below this line here
is not going to buy. No buy. Okay? And
people up here buy. Okay? The reason for
that is that the most powerful motivator
when it comes to sales is hope. All
right, I've talked about this before,
but hope is one of those things where
it's like a it it is the ultimate
motivator for doing very very difficult
things. And so if you don't believe or
have the hope that it can be done, then
it's going to be very difficult to
convince someone to do anything. And so
Taylor Welch talks about this thing
called the buyer's pocket. Okay, which
I'll do a little explanation for over
here. Actually, I can do it with this,
right? So essentially the buyer's
pocket, it's like they have they're in
between here. So it's like they have
enough hope or belief that they can do
it themselves, that they can do it, but
they know that they need you. Okay? And
now if they're like if they don't have
any hope of being able to do it, then
they're never going to do it because
they don't think they can do it with or
without you, then what they have is
people who are up here like I can do it
by myself. So you need people to be in a
specific zone and are in that little
buying pocket to know that they can do
it, but they need your help. Okay? But
they have to be able to know they can do
it. They have to have the hope they can
do it. Okay? And then you got intro and
pitch. So they're they're differing
emotion. Okay? And I'm going to I'm
going to talk you through them. So at
the beginning, I think one thing that
people do wrong is that they are trying
to be too leaned out in the beginning of
a sales call when someone comes in,
right? If you're like super leaned out,
like, "Hey bro, what's going on?" Like
don't give a [ __ ] right? Then what
people say in the coaching space is that
like you're going to lower your status.
I think that's total [ __ ] I think
the whole status thing is rubbish. The
reason why I think that is because like
I feel pretty confident no matter what
room I walk in that like I'm a cool guy,
easy to talk to. And I feel like your
status comes from, you know, your status
comes from inherently kind of how you
present yourself and how cogent you are
at talking and how good you are at
connecting with people. It doesn't
really come from anything else. And I
think that you can't really fake that.
But also what we want to do is we want
to make people feel comfortable and and
inviting. If you want people to tell you
stuff, they sort of have to like you.
You have to be inviting. Okay? So that's
why we start here and we want to bring
them up immediately. We want an upward
trajectory, right? And we want to bring
them on a positive emotional scale. So
it's like, "Hey, how are you? Looks like
you booked on a call about getting some
help. How can I help?" Right? So my
vibe, I'm constricting my voice. I sound
a little bit like there's a genuine
curiosity. Okay? So that's the
underlying tonality that you want to
use. Okay? In this area here, okay, it's
just straight curiosity. Okay? Now, the
reason why that's important is because
curiosity is not skeptic, is not
challenging. Curiosity comes from,
generally speaking, a constriction of
the throat, right? And and an upward.
So, you're like, "Hey, how are you? Hey,
hey, what's going on?" So, if I go,
"Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you?
Hey, how are you?" Okay, we're going to
use the last one here. Okay? Because
it's much more inviting and genuine. And
so, what it's going to do is it's going
to um allow someone to more naturally
want to come in. And you can't stop
that. for all of you in the comments
like this wouldn't work on me, it for
sure would because you're a human being
living in Western society. And so when
someone's like, "Hey, how are you?"
You're going to react to it very
differently than, "Hey, how are you?"
Okay, very different things, same words.
Okay? So, in the beginning of a call, be
inviting, genuine curiosity. This is
your intro and kind of situation phase.
Hey, what are you doing? Why are you
here? What do you want? What are you
doing about it? Very, very basic. Then
we start to bring them down into their
problems like the problems associated
with what they're doing or not doing
that's stopping them from getting there
to their outcome. So automatically we
are talking about more negative things.
Okay, we are bringing them down into
despair and we are moving forward in
time. Okay, and we are going into the
problem phase. Okay, the problem phase
you're going to start to be more
concerned. Okay, and concerned or
skeptical still with a bit of genuine
curiosity. You don't want to be like,
"Oh, is that is that having an impact on
you?" Okay? See, like the breathiness
and the slowness, it puts an an overly
outweighed impactful emotional
connotation on that. And you can do that
here, but you can't do it here. Okay?
Again, if you slow down, go breathy, and
you go like you try and make it a really
emotional, emotionally charged question,
and you do that here, you'll get
reactions most of the time like, "Why
are you asking that?" Or like, "Do you
really need to know that?" Okay, if you
ask it here, okay, we'll go over that.
You're going to be fine because why?
You've had more time. You've had more
time. If I get stuck in an elevator with
you and go, "Hey, man. How long do you
last in bed?" People are going to be
like, "Well, it's a bit weird, but maybe
after 45 minutes, I figure that out.
What do you think?" Okay, so time is
your friend when it comes to
vulnerability. All right, so curiosity,
nice high pitch, concerned like, "Oh,
okay. Tell me, tell me more about that."
Okay, so again, you're not up. There's
not this upness to it. there's not this
like tightness in the vocal cords. You
might be going a little bit slower.
Okay. You can pause on things to hit
certain things like why why is that?
Okay. Or like what do you mean by that?
Oh, okay. Okay. So, you can do things
like that. It's a little bit like it's a
you're just a little bit concerned. Just
a little bit concerned. Not crazy
amounts, but you know, we can all do
that. So, if we go back to our original
of hey, how are you? Okay. Nice and
curious is hey, how are you? Concerned
is like hey, how how are you? Okay,
there's a little bit of hesitation, a
little bit slower, a little bit lower.
Okay, that's how we do that. Okay, so
once but then we're going to establish
their problem. So we're using our
tonality to convey the intent of our
question emotionally. Okay, which is
important as your wife has yelled at you
many times. It's not what you said, it's
how you said it. Okay, the words can be
the same. The intent and the tonality
will change the the internality will
change the intent. So we want to be
aware of what we're doing now as we
start to travel back up. Okay. Okay.
This is when we're going through
solution phase. Okay, this wants to be
really interested and curious. Okay, so
when you're asking about someone's goals
and what they want, you have to be
really interested. The ways that you can
do that is one, just genuinely be
interested. And it's an interesting
thing anyway. But with body language
cues and go, "Oh, really? Okay." Right.
So if I lean in, that's going to convey
that I'm interested. Oh, yeah. Right.
I'm clearly listening to them and giving
them little verbal cues that I'm doing
that. Oh, yeah. Oh, really? Right. I'm
asking questions like, "Oh, you want to
go? You want to take your wife away on
holiday? Oh, where do you want to go?"
"Oh, why there? Oh, that makes sense."
Okay. So, you're asking questions to get
deeper. You're probing. You're
clarifying. All right? That's how you
That's how you make someone feel
comfortable to tell you all the things.
Okay? If if you use like this tonality
here, they're not going to go deep with
you because when someone is telling you
something that they want, they are
reaching out their hand for a handshake
and they're and they're allowing you in.
So they're being vulnerable with you,
right? If I tell you how much money I
want to make or or how much weight I
want to lose, I'm being vulnerable with
you. Okay? So if you don't accept that
and show genuine interest, you'll never
get it again. That's just how human
beings work. you cannot be
disinterested. One of the most common
ways that I see that is that people go,
"Oh, okay. Well, you know, anyway, and
so instead of taking them around this
journey, you're trying to redirect them
onto what you want to talk about." Uh,
and and they're going to hate you for
that. Like, you hate when people do that
to you. And so, we have to show genuine
interest, right, and curiosity here.
It's really important that you do that
because that's what's going to allow the
person to want to tell you more. Now, so
this is the solution phase. Okay. Then
this sudden dip here. Okay. This is your
consequence. This is your cost of
inaction. Okay. Now, there's a little
thing here which I would actually if I
was to zoom in on that, it would go like
arc up and then go boop boop. Okay. So,
this little spot here like that, which
would be in here, is really important.
So, I call that like the James Bond
landing. You know, like when it jumps
off a building and it goes awning and
then he's good to go, but he should have
died. So, if you do a really good job of
future pacing, okay, and then they're
like super excited about it and then you
just smash them down. What you will
usually get is I will never let that
happen. So, now you have to argue. So,
what I do here is I confirm the positive
and then there's going to be a gap
because the gap is like they're
currently here, let's say, and they want
to get here. So like I know this is
becoming really clear but they this is
like the gap that they're trying to
bridge. Okay. So this now makes no sense
but you guys are following along. Just I
hope you didn't skip ahead. Okay. So
they're trying to do walk across here
and this is the outcome. So we should
have built the gap. The question that I
ask here is okay with your current
strategy systems whatever how close are
you to being able to achieve that? And
the answer will should be I'm not close
because there's a there's a gap. There's
a clear gap. Okay. And then you can go
why do you feel that way? They'll give
you an example and then you can go okay
so what happens if nothing changes you
keep doing all that and you don't
actually figure out how to bridge that
gap get to X so you can Y so that that's
the awning goes
okay what that does is it stops that
there's no way after that they can say
I'd never let that happen because they
are letting it happen. That's a really
easy way to prevent that from happening
which can be quite a difficult thing to
overcome. Then from there when we like
go, okay, is it time to make a change?
Yes. Then what we're doing is we're
rising back up to hope and it and it
should be like we should be on the way
up, right? By the time you finish the
pitch, they're like they're like off the
charts because the pitch should is
really just a summary of how you're
going to solve the problem and they
should be relieved like I'm in the right
place. And then from there, it's about
sorting out logistics. So like that's
the emotional journey of a sales call.
We start out, they come and they're
going to be a little bit guarded and
defensive. We want to be really curious
and inviting. Bring them up, have an
understanding of what they're looking
for, like a baseline level, like I'm
going to use fitness. I want to lose 20
lbs. Okay, cool. Then we go through the
problems. Now, we're looking for the
emotional and tangible, like the really
nitty-gritty. Why 20? What does 20 lbs
mean to you? What's that going to do for
you? And then we're going to be like,
what you have in place now, how close
are you to being able to give do that?
I'm not close. Why not? Okay, cool. What
happens if you don't change? You keep
going, you gain weight, things get
worse, yada yada yada. Okay. Well, I
think that we can help you. Pitch
sale. All right.
Now you know sales.
