If you're willing to lose money on
things and you're doing it intentionally
and for a purpose, like that's how you
beat your competition. Because it's
whoever is willing to spend the most to
get the customer, that's who you win.
Like, if you have one $5,000 offer and
nothing that you sell after that, or
even a $10,000 offer, like you're making
it very difficult for yourself cuz you
can sell something lower price on the
front end, do higher volumes, offset
your cost, or even lose money on the
front end like you just mentioned, and
then with all the customers you've got,
go sell them something for 20, 30, 40
grand on the back end.
One thing that I always found was that
the advertising was never anywhere near
as consistent if they didn't have
organic content. And I'm talking like
meta is cheaper if you have a YouTube
channel. All right, guys. What's up?
We're doing an episode of coffees for
closers. So, I got this uh guy James
Heering with me today. It's a little bit
of a different angle. Uh James is really
good marketer, understands content,
marketing, all that kind of stuff. And
then we sort of we met at a we've been
in the same circles for a while, but we
met at the uh Ben Simkins event, right?
We met before that as well. Yeah. And
then I saw you at Horosi's event. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And um yeah, we just sort of
got along and chat chatted [ __ ] and uh
you know, you know what you're doing.
You're also working with Jack Henderson
at the moment. And um you know, I know
Jack Jack's on our dialer. I just did a
podcast with him then. But yeah, I
wanted to kind of, you know, just get
your perspective, get you to break down,
you know, marketing, what you do, right?
And then, um, and then just sort of get
some insight because a lot of our guys
are business owners and salespeople. And
I think like the more of an
understanding you have of marketing,
like my I was a marketer first before I
was a sales guy. Uh, I used to do all
the media buying and all the creative
stuff for the ads and I had my own
strategies of like because I was doing
it for the gym that I owned in Bondi and
it's like I used to do a very different
strategy to everybody else and every
time I hired an agency they could never
match it. Yeah. You know, and so like I
I know marketing decently. Um, I know
more about like non-paid stuff, but you
know, you're deep in the world and I'd
love to know one like what are you
seeing at the moment? What are you
seeing from like what what are some of
the commonalities of like successful
businesses that are using you know ads
they're doing like are they just
throwing ad spended things or is there
you know I think I was talking to Jack
it was like if you just took the money
that he makes from the ads directly like
without any longer term attribution like
it makes no sense but the brand gets
bigger and bigger and bigger and he
makes sales but it's like not
necessarily
the last touch was not the ad
you know interesting
specifically which we can we can speak
on but yeah no it's a it's a great
question so just for context for people
listening so uh I've been a copywriter
primarily doing info coaching consulting
high ticket stuff like the last 10 years
pretty much these days I pretty well
focused primarily on like video creative
and VSSLs that's pretty much all of it
uh I work with knowledge source who do
like I don't know hund00 million a year
in revenue um Henderson who's doing I
don't know 15 million a year we do all
of his videos for anyone who's seen
them. Uh then I've worked with people
like Ben Handler, Jay Wright, um all
just VSSL video creative, high
production stuff. So in the last 12
months in the Australian market in real
estate, uh I've spent about $3 million
on ads, which is not big if you're in
the US, but it's huge if you're out
here. Our population is not that big. So
it's hard to spend that money. Hard to
spend that much. Yeah. Especially just
in real estate pretty well. So um I
guess we could talk about all that sort
of stuff. I think there's a lot. It's
funny you say that like the way you
marketed when you had a gym no one could
replicate cuz that's that's sort of the
secret in itself like you know I'm not a
big Grant Cardone guy but I've seen him
talk about how you know like people are
afraid to say controversial [ __ ] Oh
yeah. And you see it all the time with
people. Oh like what if you know what if
people see this and they think negative
[ __ ] about me. And it's like dude your
problem your problem is no one [ __ ]
knows who you are. Not that people think
negatively of you. And that's one thing
Jack does really well is he'll just say
[ __ ] anything. He's the only person I
reckon I've ever worked with where I'm
like, "Dude, peel that back a bit.
That's a bit outrageous." Cuz normally
I'm trying to tell people to do real
crazy [ __ ] You're not a millionaire.
You're gay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. We ran an
ad that was like, um, "Hi, I'm Jack and
I'm trans. Transferring hundreds of
thousands of dollars into my client's
pockets with my property strategy, you
know?" And he he thought that was
[ __ ] hilarious. And so stuff like
that. Yeah. I think like um I I think
you know if you if you try and speak to
everyone you speak to no one
passionately and I think a lot of people
like they try and play it safe and they
don't end up being themselves and then
you you sort of end up having to be
somebody else all of the time which I I
feel like would be very exhausting.
Absolutely. And so you can't keep that
up. And I think especially with socials
and you know there is a you know there
is something with social media where
quantity is a quality of its own and if
you're putting a lot out there and it's
so easy for people to see if it's not
you know and so it like they might be
they might follow you for information
but they're not going to like sort of
passionately be on one side of the
other. Yeah. Like if you look at say
like uh you know Jeremy's content right
there there's no real like him in it.
You don't you get a lot of great
information. Yeah. But you don't get
him, right? Because it's just pure
information. There's no sort of, you
know, it's it's the sort of the same
every time. And it's great content, but
it's not personal brand content. It's
far more like corporate brand content.
Yeah. You know, um, which then stops
people from like I guess deeply
connecting where you get someone like a
Pace Morby for example. doesn't follow
pace, but in good content, but my god,
it's so
like wrapped in his in him and he has a
cultlike following. Yeah, 100%. And it's
it's wild and it's just because like
people think that they know him. And
Jack's similar like that. Like Jack said
to me when I saw him a couple of weeks
ago, he was like, "Oh, one of my
favorite things at the moment, oh, one
thing I've noticed in my content is like
people argue with each other in the
comments. Like I don't even say
anything. people that love me are coming
in there like calling people [ __ ] and
like just attacking people and he's like
I agree with it but I don't even really
get involved in it because I'm too
[ __ ] busy. But I think it's funny but
it's to that point because he has such
strong opinions on everything. I and I
think that's like all your ads and I
mean this isn't really revolutionary but
I think it's particularly important now
with where social media is at and all
these algorithms like if you don't go
and say something it's sort of like why
Trump won the elections like cuz he says
a lot of crazy [ __ ] but people just fe
like no one's like I don't know who that
is. I feel lukewarm about Trump. I don't
have an opinion. It's love hate. There's
no middle ground. Yeah. Exactly.
Exactly. And that was one of the big
things that people said about Camala was
that like they don't know who she is.
Yeah. She went she didn't end up going
on Rogan associate. You can't tribalize
with that, you know. I think that was
the reason she didn't go on Rogan, too,
because they were like worried that she
they didn't know if she could maintain
the character for she's a dumb. That's
what people mean. Who knows? She in
particular is a bit of a dumb dump. So,
like, say [ __ ] argue in the comments.
Go for it. Um, so like you know I think
like marketing is such an interesting
endeavor and I think that a lot of the
time people say that sales is like the
most important. I think that sales
should bend to marketing. I' I've sort
of always said that. Yeah. Right. Okay.
Because I think that you know if I go
old school copywriting which I think is
a great you know it's the the five
levels of awareness right? Unaware,
problem aware, solution aware, brand
aware, product aware. Yeah. And I think
like the marketing's job is to get them
as far down the line as can be done
affordably, you know? So if we can get
them brand aware, I mean product aware,
fantastic. Like, hey, did you know that
like, you know, so they're unaware, then
it's like problem aware. Hey, did you
know that you can make more money
through investing in real estate? Okay,
cool. It's like, hey, you can do it. You
know what I mean? Like there there are
ways to do it that you you know, there
is a solution out there. And it's like,
you know, Henderson advocacy is a way
that you can do that without the
knowledge. And then this program,
program X, is the program from Henderson
Advocacy that can get you to having your
own property, which solves your cash
flow, which solves your wealth creation
problem, you know, and so, but you know,
affordably is the key, of course, and
and so like if if at that moment in time
marketing can only get people to uh
solution aware, then the sales process
has to be altered and picked up from
there. You can't just go like, I want
book calls. Yeah. Right. And just sit
there and kick and scream and like
[ __ ] demand [ __ ] as a sales team
because you'll just bankrupt the
company. Yeah. It's funny you say that
cuz I've always considered them like one
spectrum and like I'm I'm sure you would
have worked with like businesses like
this where they typically like sometimes
they're combative. Marketing will be
like oh sales can't close our leads.
Sales will be like marketing these leads
are [ __ ] But in reality it's just one
spectrum. You can have like a uh like a
salesheavy sales process which is like
you know just generate a phone number
off a lead magnet optin zero content
consumed and have like a two-step call
process where they close heaps of
people. You can have that or you can
have like we're only getting on the
phone with people that have spent like a
thousand bucks with us but like you said
you're not scale that can be difficult
cost etc etc but then like when they do
get on the phone sales job will be
easier. So it's like trying to strike
that balance based on the scale of where
you're at. Yeah. and and it's like it
will change and the answer is probably
have both you know you probably want to
have because like one will become
incredibly profitable and so you're
going to skew the spend towards that
what what you know and that's going to
chop and change depending on a lot of
different factors and appetite and how
long you run it for and audience
saturation you know one of the things
that I was always really tried to
maintain like when we were doing big ad
spend at seventh level you know like a
million dollars US a month right it was
the basically the metric was we can
never let the amount eyeballs that see
us uh asking for them to give us money,
right, to be more than the amount of
people that we give value to for free.
So, we had to take like all the organic
content and say, "Okay, we get x amount
of views, whatever it was, per month,
and that we get that many eyeballs." If
we're going to pay for 5 million
eyeballs to see the ads, right? Then
what we need to do is whatever that
delta is, we have to subvert ad spend
towards top of funnel audience growth to
make sure that those two circles never
converge. So you've got your like your
reach you got your conversion and like
your reach advertising, right? And so we
always tried I was always really really
adamant that like no no no if if if
those converge then your brand your
advertising gets bigger than your brand
and then everything starts to get
incredibly expensive because now
everything you do is code audience. Yes.
Yeah. Right. When everything is cold
audience, it it is a difficult thing to
maintain over the long term because you
have to you have to churn through
audiences so fast and it just gets more
expensive. And so I would rather put
money. I'm a huge fan of just like video
view advertising, uh, lead magnets,
downloadables, anything that you can
give value for free and then create
opportunities for your sales people.
Exactly. and then retarget those people
with book, you know, and so have a lot
of that stuff going. But I think the
problem is like that takes a level of
delayed gratification
and and a month and the ads are
performing well, there's a discipline to
not turning them up. Yeah. Yeah. One
thing I'm curious about, Matt, like at
that level of spend where you're like
doing an info product and I'm imagining
like there's a degree of turnover of
sales reps, probably not huge, but
there'd be a degree of it. And then
you've got that much spend. And I've
seen you do some posts about like
generating insane numbers of leads in
that business. What was the fluctuation
like in terms of cash collected,
revenue, like that had to have been a
roller coaster all on its own or was
things relatively stable? It was pretty
stable. Like when I was there, we like I
had projections and then like that was
where my sort of uh I guess somewhat
uh rough management style came into play
because if if the team I would always
say it is not impressive to spend more
money to make more sales. That does not
impress me. I do not find that
difficult. If if you have like you have
a budget and you are not allowed to go
over it and you have to hit the revenue
number with that budget like and so and
then everything was budgeted and
everything was forecasted and so if we
were going to have a giant if if
everything was performing beautifully I
would never allow them to turn it up.
It's like no no no we're trying to hit
that number just because we can hit that
number all that's going to do is make
the next month go like this. So, like
I'd rather just create sustained growth
rather than like
like that and then just hit nice
consistent numbers knowing that we've
always got a bit more in the tank. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You don't need to max
everything out all the time. That's just
that that's what creates like the front
end chaos cycle. Yeah. Where you're
always like trying to make next month
the best month. And then I would factor
in months that I knew would be bad. Like
July is going to be bad in the US.
There's nothing you can do. You're
saying that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wouldn't
try and do anything about it because if
you do, you know, you're just wasting
your [ __ ] time. And you can figure
out how to have a giant July.
But why? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
What's the point, you know? And so like
because people are away for 10 days, you
know, if this is inevitable then like
I'm 10 days behind. Well, that was like
out here in April. There was the two
Easter holidays, the Anzac Day holiday
leading into the election. Yeah. with
Henderson, like [ __ ] sort of not fell
off a cliff, but he was like, "What the
[ __ ] going on?" I'm like, "Look, I'm
not one for blaming external events."
But
normal. Soon as the election ended,
things took off. Yeah. And this is
normal. And it's like it's the
discipline of like going, "All right,
that makes sense." And then just keep
going. For sure. You know, and you can
choose to pull back spend or you can
choose to just not be profitable for two
weeks. Yeah. Right. And then if you
choose to just not be profitable for two
weeks, then what you can do is you can
gain market share in those times. Yeah.
So, because if you're willing to lose
money on things and you're doing it
intentionally and for a purpose, like
that's how you beat your competition
because it's whoever is willing to spend
the most to get the customer, that's who
wins. Yeah. You know, and so like you
look at like uh like um like Bernard
Arnu. Yeah. Right. You know, the [ __ ]
wolf in Kashmir. Yep. The only non
techch [ __ ] super billionaire
whatever he is. And you know, he bought
Michael Kors. Yeah. Right. And then what
he did is he uh like halfed the price of
everything at Michael Kors because
obviously he makes so much money in the
thousands of brands that he has. He has
a full monopoly of everything luxury.
And so but what he didn't have was like
good mid-tier luxury like entrylevel
luxury. So Michael Kors is creating the
customer for Louis Vuitton. Yeah. Right.
It's your first taste. So what he did is
he half the price. It bankrupted
80% of mid-tier luxury. Yeah. Right.
Orton got [ __ ] Right. They reduced
Mimco. Do you remember Mimco? Yeah. You
see it anymore? Too much notice, but
yeah. They ran Michael Kors at a huge
loss for like five years. Yeah. Right.
To bankrupt their c their their their um
competitors. Yeah. And it worked because
like he's like, "Well, I don't need to
make money in Michael Kors. if I lose a
[ __ ] billion dollars a year, I don't
give a [ __ ] you know? He's like, you
know, Chanel's making a billion dollars
a week, he's like, I don't care, you
know? And so, um, he's like, we'll just
take that margin and charge an extra
thousand for a [ __ ] Chanel bag. Like,
what do we give a [ __ ] Yeah. Yeah. You
know, it's all it's all one big company
anyway. And so, it's really interesting.
And so, you know, he did that on purpose
and he was willing to lose money and he
was willing to pay more to acquire a
customer. And so, he did it and where
you can bankrupt your your customers.
You know, I always said like if I was
going to do gyms again, like I could I
could bankrupt every gym in Bonai
because if I was going to do it again,
knowing what I know now, I would like I
would I would have I would open up a
great gym and I would have a $2 million
stop-loss. So, I would do it and then I
would lose $2 million in the first year.
I would offer all-incclusive for $10 a
week. Yeah. Right. everything $10 a week
opening special 12 months lock it in $10
a week right and then I would bankrupt
everybody and I would even say like if
you can prove cancel your membership you
get it for $5 a week right and and then
from there as soon as everyone's closed
I would go up to the $100 a week I would
then lose 80% of my business and
maintain a very profitable very good gym
it's a hell of a way to think about it
Right. Just lose money. I lose money
they can't afford to lose. And then by
then they'd all be ingrained in the
community of the gym, too. Yeah. And so
like that's how you do it. And you you
know, you just you you bring people in
and then you go, "Yeah, mate. Your
[ __ ] first year is up. It's now 100
bucks a week. Stay. I don't give a
fuck." Yeah. What are you going to do?
Go to the competition that went bankrupt
six months ago? And no one would want to
start a gym in the area? No. Cuz I
dominated. Yeah. Everyone's wearing the
t-shirts because they get a free [ __ ]
hoodie and a free t-shirt and you know
what I mean? I partner up with Lulle
Lemon and [ __ ] you know what I mean?
Yeah. Yeah. Dude, with money you destroy
them. But because the problem is
everyone who's starting a gym is like
they're bootstrapping it, you know? I'm
not trying to compete with the virgins.
I'm trying to compete with like I'm just
going to destroy all the small group
train gyms. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And
so and with that like you know that
that's just a it's just a it's a
strategy that would work. And you know
and and so like when it comes to
advertising you know if you can if you
can afford to do it do it. Um you know
and then you just have a sales process
that bends around to it and that
fluctuates and changes based on what's
happening and you know because a sale a
sales team should just be like it's not
their close rate that matters. It's like
the return of ad spend in which they
give you. Yeah. Like it's and that's the
advantage like these information brands
have, you know, like if they can sell
courses, coaching, whatever as a way to
just liquidate on the front end like the
back end can just be, you know,
infinite. Yeah, I've said this to Jack a
million times and that's a whole other
thing. He doesn't want to sell education
because he's consumed too much horosy,
but anyway, that's a whole other thing.
But I'm like, dude, if we were selling
something here, we could liquidate all
of our ad spend and these people would
probably end up buying [ __ ] from you
anyway on the back end, the same [ __ ]
they're buying on the front end. But now
all these like, you know, costs would be
offset. But, you know, he doesn't want
to do it that way, which is obviously
his choice, but yeah. Well, if he knows
what he's doing. So, when it comes to
running something like a like a web,
what are you seeing at the moment like
with webinars? Like what's your what's
your like underlying thesis if you're
like this is what a webinar needs to
have
like in the specific webinar or Yeah.
like I'll go a bit broader. So, so my
overall philosophy is this, right? Like
if I was launching anything in info
coaching, consulting, the biggest
variable, I mean, outside all the
obvious [ __ ] which we probably don't
need to talk about, the offer, you know,
the 101's of marketing, like if you
don't have a good offer in a market
where you've got some sort of advantage
like we just talked about, like that
goes without saying, you obviously need
that in 2025. Once you've got that down
path though, um it's all just front end
video creative trying to get the cost
per lead down and the dollars you
generate per lead up. You know what I
mean? So it's having a full like like
businesses that don't have backends like
they probably don't exist now. They
definitely won't exist in the in the
future because shit's just advertising
is way too expensive. Like if you have
one $5,000 offer and nothing that you
sell after that or even a $10,000 offer,
like you're making it very difficult for
yourself cuz you can sell something
lower price on the front end, do higher
volumes, offset your costs, or even lose
money on the front end like you just
mentioned and then with all the
customers you've got, go sell them
something for 20, 30, 40 grand on the
back end. So the philosophy is have a
front end and a back end and then just
do a shitload of video creative. Like
creative burns out real quickly,
especially in small markets like
Australia. So with Jack, we'll shoot
every, you know, three to four weeks.
We'll get heaps more new creative. Now,
he he's an example of what I talked
about because he doesn't really have a
front end. I mean, he has got some
staggered offers, but largely it's his
buyers agent fee that he sells, but
obviously they do a good job and they
get repeat business, so there's a bit of
a back, but we will have so yeah, like a
business like that. And then it will
literally be VSSL or webinar. If it's
VSSL, it'll be like 15 minutes long. I'm
doing a lot of like high production
stuff. So, I'll shoot like one camera
front on, one camera on an angle. I'll
do a take like that of a VSSL. Then I'll
go shoot line by line walking around the
streets picking up a pay phone, like
just heaps of [ __ ] And then cut those
three angles together. And I can send
you some examples of that because people
are so like [ __ ] in the head from Tik
Tok and Instagram and scrolling and
[ __ ] If you don't have heaps of
movement and [ __ ] going on, the same way
like Sabry Subie does his VSSLs and ads,
like you're just going to [ __ ] you're
just people are just going to scroll off
it. boring. It's got to be exciting. The
message has to be relevant as well. So,
and when you're looking at ad creative y
like are you because because you're
writing the ad too, right? Writing the
ad scripts. I go to the shoots. I shoot
the videos and we'll do the same thing
in ads. We'll do like say the hook here,
go in this room, say some [ __ ] here and
then like the good thing about that is
when you cut your ads into different
segments. Like for example, when I was
with Jack last week and there's a barber
across the road, he gets his haircut.
I'll ring this [ __ ] and I'm
like, "Jack, I'm coming down a shoot on
Thursday." And in the middle of the
shoot, he'll be like, "I got to go get a
haircut." I'm like, "Are you [ __ ]
serious, dude? I fly here from Brisbane.
You get the [ __ ] haircut." I said,
"Can we go there and get shoot an ad at
the barber?" He's like, "Yeah, right."
So, we shot this ad where the dude's
cutting his hair. It's coming out this
week. And the and the hook is like, "Um,
getting getting property advice from
someone who doesn't own any property is
like getting a haircut from a barber
that has no hair." And then the camera
pans and the [ __ ] barber's bald. And
he he just happened to be bald. This
[ __ ] that cuts his hair. Um, but like we
shot that there and then there's like a
bit more in the salon and then there's a
part where he's like walking up the
stairs into his office and cuz one ad
has all these different scenes. Let's
say the barber hook doesn't resonate.
Say it just goes [ __ ] We'll just shave
the first 8 seconds off the ad and he'll
be like walking up the stairs saying
here's a problem with most property
gurus. So then we'll test the ad like
eight seconds in from that point. If
that point doesn't resonate, we'll cut
into the next part where he starts going
through client examples. And even if it
all works, we'll have like three or four
variations of one bit of creative and
we'll get extra juice out of it. So
that's like a thing we do as well. And
so like and and can you tell when an
ad's going to pop off or if it's just
like there's just no way to know. It
just looks good. Pretty much we can tell
pretty quickly like the legs of
something like so say for Jack like in
the property market it's opt into a VSSL
that's about uh 30 40 minutes from
memory because we've changed a few
times. I think it's a 40-minute one at
the moment. um and then book a call. And
so we'll pay if we go to a broad market.
Like lately, a lot of his ads have been
targeting business owners. And he's been
really on this kick. Let's only go after
business owners. When we do that, our
CPLs are way higher. But before that,
say for the first from about June last
year until say January, we were
targeting just anyone interested in
property investment, like a broader
audience. We would pay 30 to around 40
bucks CPO at scale for like good ads for
like an extended period of time. So if
we launched something and it was outside
of that, we might run it for a little
bit, but typically that would be like
something we know is not going to
sustain, you know, and then if we ran
something that was around the 30 mark,
we'll know that we can pump that for a
while. But then what was interesting
about him, I think between June last
year, 2024 when we started working
together till roughly the end of Jan
about 7 months, we generated about from
memory about 18,000 leads. Spent I think
it was about 650 grand on ads. I think
those numbers are right from that talk I
did at Benz. That's what they are. Um,
but then we did this one ad where the
hook was sell your [ __ ] house with
the f-word beeped out, right? This is
really interesting to me because
normally like when people talk about
like testing new ads or testing
headlines, you know, you might get a
bump of like 10 15%. Yeah. But reduced
to cost like if you're doing [ __ ] right,
like you know, someone like me who's
done it a lot of times and go, "All
right, let's test these hooks." Maybe we
get a cut in CPL of like 20%. Once once
we get to like your normal price, right?
We did this ad that was like, "Sell your
[ __ ] house." That was the start of
the ad. And then Jack was talking about
like, "Um, here's why you should sell
your [ __ ] house if you want to be
rich because live owning the house you
live in. There's no tax deductions,
blah." Sort of talking about rent
vesting. Man, that ad took the CPL to
$12 from Ford. Just that one change. Um,
and we did like 2,000 leads a week,
which was because because the CP was so
much lower. Like we were doing so many
[ __ ] leads. And so like seeing a
change like that to a campaign that
you've already pumped like say 15,000
leads from was super interesting, you
know, like Yeah. And it speaks to how
important the message is. And you know,
the comments were obviously like, "Fuck
you, your dog, and why would I sell my
house? I got a family." And all this
emotional stuff, but you don't have to.
It's just interesting to see that
change. No one's going to make you,
buddy. It's just a [ __ ] advert. Yeah,
you idiot. Um, we ended up pausing that
because then we went and did a VSSL that
was based on that angle because the
original VSSL was more investment. So,
we're actually about to relaunch that
now. It'll be interesting to see how
that goes cuz the theory is the quality
won't be as good because it's more of a
like consumer type of like people that
buy their house to live in are probably
different to his normal. Anyway, we'll
see how that goes. And and how how much
do do you find that like do do you I
know you don't have much to do with his
organic, right? But in terms of like
advertising and brands with larger
organic presences, right? Because when
when when we were spending lots and I've
been involved in lots of businesses
doing lots of spend, right? Like because
I had that sales agency and one thing
that I always found was that the
advertising was never anywhere near as
consistent if they didn't have organic
content, right? Like and I'm talking
like meta is cheaper if you have a
YouTube channel. So we we would notice a
direct correlation went on holiday and
we didn't have preloaded YouTube videos
like loaded up ready to go. Our meta
cost would go up. And it wasn't because
we're retargeting. It was just like our
inferences were just like well it's just
an ecosystem where people are going to
end up in different places. Like they
see an ad of Jeremy and they go oh
what's that Jeremy guy? Then they might
search him on YouTube because like
YouTube is like the number one search
platform. Yeah. Then they search him.
Now YouTube is like the greatest
retargeting mechanism ever. It is it is
fire. Like when you book in a meeting
for Dialer, you get redirected to a
YouTube video of me and it's made. Hey,
you booked in for Dialer. Let me explain
what it is. It's like a 20 minute
YouTube video explaining Dialer. That
gets a really high watch time. Like it's
like, you know, 80% watch time because
they've just booked a call. Yeah. Now
it's unlisted. And so that's on your
YouTube channel or is that like a
YouTube video embedded on a web page?
Oh, it's just on the YouTube channel cuz
like what do I give a [ __ ] Just send
them off. Right. Because then they're
going to like go, "Oh, what else is he
talking about?" Yeah. Yeah. That's
smart. But then what happens is they end
up during that couple days because they
watched an 18minute video of me, right?
YouTube goes, "Oh, let's [ __ ] send
him more of his videos." Yeah. And so
they just start sending videos and they
just by the time I hop on a call, even
if they didn't know me before, they go,
"Oh, man. I've watched like 20 of your
videos in the last few days. Yeah. Yeah.
Sweet, man. Did you get some value?
Like, [ __ ] yeah, dude. Like, you you
know what you're talking about. I was
like, thanks, man. How can I help? And
like, dude, the sales are [ __ ] So,
it's Yeah, it's an interesting thing,
right? So, say with Jack cuz he's like
an absolute beast at organic content.
Like, anyone who doesn't follow him,
like he posts like six times a day and
uh he's just started doing YouTube.
YouTube is like the most powerful
organic. It's like you you can't it's
hard to gain an audience. Yeah. Yeah,
but the audience that you do have is
powerful.
They are buyers,
right? So, it's like they watch cuz
they're watching like [ __ ]
documentaries on you basically, you
know? And like how many times have you
watched a video like people like ask
their add-on video, probably not even
that long. I'm like, "Yep, done. Sold."
But if someone goes and watches like 10
hours of your content, Yeah. [ __ ]
know where you live and all that sort of
[ __ ] Like, yeah. And like it's really
hard to grow on social like on on
Instagram, right? Growth is hard because
I don't spend money on the platform, but
also like I'm not I'm not as consistent
as I should be. Like it's I'm sure I
could if I really [ __ ] put tons of
effort in, but you know, it's difficult
to grow an Instagram. You know, you're
shouting against a hurricane and you've
got to say crazy [ __ ] If you don't if
you don't go and say real crazy [ __ ]
like it's a [ __ ] slog. I agree with
you. Ads amplify brand like crazy. Yeah.
what I've seen like when we started
doing the more advertising we did the
more YouTube views Jeremy would get.
Yeah, that's right. And like this is on
meta on everything and like the bigger
the more YouTube advertising we did the
[ __ ] bigger as Instagram would get.
Like it's just because it's people,
right? And people are not on one
platform. There are multiple platforms
and so you know if you're like it's just
a big web, right? What's interesting,
right, is like t take Jack Jack for
example. So he has I think about 100,000
Instagram followers. super active, tons
of engagement. So for all the ads we do
for him, right, so if I compare his
brand to I love real estate, which is
the Australian real estate part of
knowledge source where I do Jim Bohol,
write all her ads. Um, now they're
different markets and they appeal to
different segments and all that and
Jack,000. [ __ ] man. Jack has a bit more
aesthetic uh or like a bit more vibe
like he's a bit more current, I guess,
with his ads maybe. That's maybe not the
right way of saying it. Anyway, the
point's this doesn't 26, you know, he's
young. He's [ __ ] getting after it,
whatever he is. Yeah. And like he's got
McLarens and there's a bit of and the
quality is high and there's a thing he's
doing. But um so Dimner doesn't do any
content for I love real estate. All we
do is run paid ads on that brand. Right.
So this is like a direct comparison.
Same industry, different segments of
that niche. Like they do education and
Jack does the buyers agent thing, but
both in real estate, both in Australia.
She doesn't do any content. John's whole
thing is like just cranking eight ads
into his webinars and was a beast at
that with with Jack. So Jack, in terms
of like when you're looking at the ads
in the ad account, he'll get like above
average engagement rate rankings and
like like the ad account likes his [ __ ]
Like for whatever reason, it's engaging.
People watch it more so than than other
brands, right? But part of that and
Vaughn, you know, Borne Roy, he runs all
of his ads. Vaughn's a weapon. Vaughn
will say like it'll reduce the CPM
because of all the content he creates,
right? But what's interesting about it
is Jack obviously has like all this
content on Instagram and last year we or
maybe earlier this year we had this
discussion about well how much of the
revenue we generate comes from so he'll
have like we have in the VSSL funnel we
run for Jack there's like one calendar
that calls will get booked in and then
he has a link to a separate calendar in
his Instagram bio and so we'll look at
the numbers each week and be like you
know while we're running ads and we're
spending I think at the moment he's
spending about 200 grand a month but say
back when he was spending and 100 or
150. We would be like, oh, like his team
would always report the organic calls
separately and be like, oh, you know,
like 100 calls got booked off the VSSL
and 100 got booked off this calendarly
link through Jack's Instagram bio. And
Vaughn would always argue, mate, 30 to
50% of those organic ones are paid
traffics. Like, you know, we can't
today. And I go, why don't you [ __ ]
click magic or hyros, mate? Yeah, I'm
not sure that you can. I was like,
you're [ __ ] crazy. Yeah, I was like,
you can track that down to the second
first touch, everything. It tracks every
single thing that person I don't. Yeah.
So, I'm not involved in that. I don't
know why we're doing that, but but
here's what happened, right? In I think
it was February, the ad account was down
for a while. It wasn't It wasn't banned.
There was like a Jack Swisses invoicing
method. Something happened. There was
some payment [ __ ] up. Anyway, there was
no ads for like two weeks, right? And
the sales guy rings me and he's like,
"Dude, we're getting [ __ ] all
appointments booked across any of these
platforms." I'm like, "Well, you're not
going to get any until the ads are back
up." And then I had this conversation
with Jack where we talked about it and
like long story short when the paid ads
were running like 90% of not to say that
obviously the content does a massive leg
up reduces the CPM of the paid paid ads.
Obviously people consume fuckloads of
his content and probably book really
high quality sales calls. But when the
when the when the ad
when the ad spend went away from from
the um paid ads that we were running, it
just like [ __ ] all the organic calls
up as well. Yeah. So it' be interesting
to see from highrise. But bottom line,
yeah, like the organic is super
important, but without the paid ad
spend, it sort of [ __ ] went downhill
pretty quickly as well. Yeah, I think
Yeah, I totally agree. You know, and and
it was like it was like uh you know, one
one of the mistakes that I've seen
people make is they go I was working
with this guy once. He's like, "Oh man,
like all the best leads and the highest
close rate are from the website leads.
So, let's just ramp advertising to the
website." And I was like, "No, that's
retarded." I was like, "We're not doing
that." And he was like, "No, but like we
did look at all the best leads." I go,
"No, mate. Just your best leads are
ending up at the website." I go, "No
one's [ __ ] searching you, dude. You
are like one out of a trillion websites.
You don't have any SEO. These are just
the people that have watched everything,
gone through the ads, done the research,
and opted in via the website because
that is the way to do it if you are very
very interested. Yep. Right. And so if
you just ramp advertising direct to your
website, you can't replicate that
journey. Yep. I was I was just like, so
don't do it because it's stupid.
Everything is working together. you and
if you don't have see like before we had
like now I don't think hyros is like uh
like the best way to do it um just
because and I think you know it's very
expensive um there are some holes in in
the attribution cycles click magic's
really good it's like just as good but
way cheaper you know like it's way way
cheaper um do you know Pompa like Dr.
Pompa giant up in the US. So I I know
them pretty well. Do you know mate? Do
you know Dirk Frank Kennel? He used to
be their VP of sales. I don't I know the
CEO. Yeah. Daniel. Yeah. Daniel. Yeah.
To him the other day. They're doing like
$3 million a month US in ads, right?
Doing about 150 million a year. They had
to build their own attribution software.
It's called Doctor Attribution. It's not
for sale. Uh right. They built it
themselves because hyros just wasn't
specific enough for the amount of ads
money they were spending in advertising.
That's [ __ ] they now know everything
and like they've been able to reduce
their CPLs by like 40 50%. Yeah. like
hyper specific attribution, but at
seventh level we had it and we like it
was a fourmonth buying cycle and the
first touch and last touch, you know, so
you need something like that in place
because you might have ads that are
incredibly good at initializing the
buying uh cycle but not finishing it,
you know, and you don't want to stop
running those ads. Yeah. So, so it's
like you just move them around and stuff
like that and and but like there are ads
that look like they don't work and then
they do. Well, it's funny. It's funny
you say that because I was talking to
Jack about this last week and I was
saying to him like because he was saying
cuz when they report the numbers like
what we'll see for um you know these
this number of calls is booked from the
VSSL this number from organic and I'd be
like or they wouldn't report the
organic. And I'd be like, "Guys, give us
all these numbers just so we can just so
we can see like I don't care how you
guys attribute them on your end, doesn't
affect me, but like just so we can we
know what ads were running and what
calls got booked." And we got into this
discussion where Jack was sort of saying
like, "Well,
the the calls that get booked through
the organic channel," he's like, "That
would happen." Like, you know, that's
just a product of ad spend itself. And I
and I was like, "No, like the creative
would impact it. If we spend 100 grand
next week on pictures of my dick in
people's newsfeed, you're not going to
book the same amount of calls
organically." Man, I can tell you that
his clothes, so I've worked with people
who, this guy has a quite a big
Instagram and it's all booked through
Instagram, right? Through like shout
outs and stuff like that. So, it's
organic, but it's not. It's the same as
Payton. Um, and he went to a wedding and
it was like an Indian wedding. So, he
was wearing like an Indian garb because
he was in like the bridal, he was in
like the groom's party and he got
nothing but Indian leads for a month.
Like dude that those those popped off so
hard in India they changed the entire
[ __ ] algorithm of the channel. Wow.
What business what business was that?
It's like a like learn how to trade
offer. Oh right Instagram. You can see
like because he wore that like the the
organic like delivered his content to
different people. Yeah, because tons of
Indians started liking it because he was
wearing traditional Indian gar which
then Instagram goes, "Oh, you like this?
I give you nothing but Indians." And for
a month it was nothing but plus, you
know, 91 area codes and all the leads
and they can't afford the product. Like
the exchange rate doesn't make sense,
right? And so it [ __ ] tanked sales
because he wore is it's an organic based
uh marketing business and he wore
something of a culture and then it
popped off in that culture and then
skewed all of the new followers and all
the people doing DMs and all the CTAs
into people in those countries and they
couldn't afford it. So it flooded the
calendars with unqualified leads. It's
[ __ ] fascinating. Dude, that makes
total sense though because that's how
the algorithms work. If you'd never
predict it
Yeah. you'd never think would happen.
When you say it, it's like I guess it
took him a while to figure that out,
too. Yeah, it took a while. It was like,
you know, because you can then go in and
like see the demographic shift. Like if
I have a look in my socials, I'm like
all US, UK, Canada, Australia. Yeah. I
have like very very little uh India,
Turkey. Like if you look at any of my
socials, like it's less than 2 3%,
right? I'm like 90% Western countries.
Um, and it's almost all male and it's
all between like uh [ __ ] like 22 and
50, right? Like that's the demographics.
I have like a hyper specific socials.
Um, which like and there's no fluff in
there, which means like my like brand
reach is like the same as somebody with
10x who did a bunch of like viral posts.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, um, so that's
why like, you know, we at Dialer like we
don't do any paid advertising. It's all
off like it's just all website inquiries
which are all coming and like there's a
direct correlation between when I post
on YouTube, right? So if I like get lazy
and don't post for two weeks on YouTube,
like the leads just stop. Man, that's so
interesting.
And but like and then I was going to the
thing I was like feeds them more of your
[ __ ] like something new and then maybe
they watch it but like it feeds other
[ __ ] to them as well. Yeah. It's just
like, you know, it's just being there.
And so, you know, and then I did I do a
post on Facebook cuz like I get lazy. I
just won't post for three weeks, right?
I just I just don't think about it. Um,
and then I'll do a post and, you know, I
know how to play the organic sort of
game. And then, you know, you got big
numbers, which is great for that organic
stuff. Like, if you post anything about,
you know, like, oh, hey, this this
company I'm working with did like
[ __ ] 20,000 pickups or some [ __ ]
whatever. You know what I mean? Like
there's such big numbers that everyone's
like, "Oh, listen to anything you say."
Yeah. Like I did one like totally
organic just Facebook post yesterday and
it got uh [ __ ] 450 likes and I posted
last night. Yeah. Like that's an organic
Facebook post right now. And and like
you can do primers and stuff like that.
Like I know how to play that game right.
Um but it's really interesting that like
YouTube all I've got is a link to
dialer.io. That's it. And I don't even
really do dialer specific videos. It's
like not I do like I don't really I
don't do any CTAs. I don't do anything.
And it's like but we get if I post every
week, we get four to five leads every
day. They're all very qualified. We make
a sale a day in B2B. Um you know,
average like the the the annual value of
each client is going to be probably 25
to 30,000. Yeah. Right. Average. And we
make a sale every day. And we've done
over a million in revenue in the first
five months of launch with zero
advertising. And we're profitable. And
that's a SAS. That's pure SAS. There's
no service in that. That's pure
software, which is wild. Um, and just
goes to show like, you know, content and
branding. And then when we add in
advertising, like all we're going to do
is advertise the people who just [ __ ]
watch stuff and don't do anything. Yeah.
Like we're just going to do small level
advertising that's going to be like top
ofunnel awareness and [ __ ] list
building and like Becca did good ads for
high roast. Like you could almost model
that where you know he's like if you
install this code and don't cut your
adcast I'll guarantee like you know
you'd be able to do just real direct
[ __ ] and then just massive numbers ads
about you know Yeah. this client they
made $20,000 and this was the upshot of
their revenue. Yeah. Well, the
interesting thing about software is like
you know Becker knows how to market and
sell and 99% of software companies have
no [ __ ] clue what they're doing in
that space. They borrow money. They're
all like developers and engineers and
they have not even considered the
acquisition thesis. Yeah. And so when
like you know we're we will outgrow
every dialer
like we'll smash them all. And it's just
because like I know how to market.
That's it. Like we have a better
product. We have a better product hands
down. Like hands down. Like [ __ ] uh
Henderson's contact rate to lead this
month is 87%. [ __ ] Right. They've
talked to 87% of every lead that you've
generated. Yeah. Right. Which is [ __ ]
wild.
You know, um they would have been in the
teens. Yeah. Before and their whole team
is on there. And so like that makes
advertising way more effective when you
can actually speak to them because most
people are only talking to 10 15% of
leads. Yeah. That's not booking. That's
just speaking to Yeah. And they book
half of them, you know, and then they
sell a third of them. So it's like a 2%
lead to sale. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so
if you can if you can triple the amount
of people you speak to, you'll triple
your sales. Yeah. It's like it's sort of
like tripling your advertising budget.
Like it's not, but it's like the
effectiveness of it's tripling your CTR.
Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's the same
thing. If I can get three more people to
go three times the amount of people for
the same price to go on that landing
page, do you make more money? Yeah. And
and I get and that's in my sales pitch
because we're more expensive. And I go,
"If I said I could triple your CTR and
your ads, would you pay me 10 grand a
month?" And they go, "Yeah." And I go,
"Sweet. Well, I'm asking for 250 a seat,
dude. I'm going to triple your pickup
rate, which means you're going to speak
to triple the amount of leads." And then
I have a calculator and it goes through.
I was like, "This is what you do on our
system as an average client. It's not
guaranteed, but like this is what the
average does." And I have the data to
back that up. And like, there you go,
mate. And I've seen people literally
triple their business, literally in like
a month.
because they go from speaking they go
from a 2% or 3% pickup rate to a 15.
They're speaking to 8x the people
and it's like [ __ ] and then they just
overrun. Yeah. Then they got their new
problem. Yeah. Which is great and it's
cool to see and it's working really well
and we rarely lose clients. The only
time we lose clients is if they're like
change model, downsize, whatever like
you know and they can't like they just
can't do the integrations because we're
like a pretty custom software. Like if
you have a [ __ ] team, like we're not
the place. Yeah. Yeah. You got to have
some efficiency. What So what sort of um
what sort of offers are you seeing
working well at the moment or people
that you're speaking to or like health
offers are going really really well, you
know? Um I'm like online fitness I'm
seeing like it's really funny like you
know everyone who can who can sell is
doing well. Yeah. You know and and it's
like um and and by that you know I've
got dudes that are running like an
online fitness offer. It's, you know, a
$45 thousand offer and and they're
running at, you know, they have a team,
a small team, you know, and they're
doing a 45% close rate. Yeah. Right.
And, uh, you know, 60% cash collection
and they're running 50,000 a week
profit. Yeah. The dude [ __ ] you
know, doing his thing, back end, just
one $4,500 offer. Yeah. And they have
people resign. They have a good resign.
They have a great product, you know. And
I think that's really when I think about
the key, and I even heard Becker talking
about this. He will not be associated
with anything that is not a [ __ ]
no-brainer. Yeah. Like I'm good at sales
and I don't have to sell for dialer. I
just go like, "Hey, this is what it is.
This is Yeah. I go like, "This is what
it is, man. Do you want it?" And if they
go, "Oh, it's too expensive." I go,
"It's probably not." And I had a guy the
other day like yesterday cuz we have a
three seat minimum. And he goes, "Oh, I
just need two seats." And I go, "Yeah,
sorry, mate. [ __ ] three minimum." And
he goes, "Really? for 250 bucks, you're
going to not get a new client. I go,
"Oh, yeah, absolutely, man." Yeah. Goes,
"Listen," and I go, "Oh, man. I don't
care if you sign up, dude. Like, sign up
now. Sign up later. You're going to have
to use this eventually. Like, I just
don't care." It's almost like real
urgency. You're almost like, "Hurry the
[ __ ] up. Make a decision because I'm
getting off this call irrespective of
the outcome." Like, Yeah. And I'm like,
"Mate, you're just not a big enough
client to for me to like I'm not going
to change the rules for you. If you
offer me 40 seats, I'll change the rules
for you." Yeah. Yeah. You know, but if
you're going to offer, you're just going
to be a, you know, and our customer
service department is like [ __ ] if
it's our fault, we'll move heaven and
earth. If it's your fault, [ __ ] you.
That's literally. And if you're a dirt
bag, [ __ ] you twice. And that's that's
the other good thing though about having
a good product is like someone pisses
you off, if you just wake up and you're
like, I don't like that cunt's name, you
just [ __ ] fire him. Like, we fired
that many clients. My Declan is my
business part. We known each other for
like 20 years. He was in the R with me
and he's like, he's Emily Sky husband.
So, I had a big brand, sold it to a
fitness and lifestyle group, you know,
all that kind of stuff. And like doesn't
give a [ __ ] about money. I don't give a
[ __ ] about money. We both want to make
more, but like we we're not going to
sell our souls to do it, right? Yeah.
And this guy was like rude to our
onboarding staff. He just [ __ ] called
him. He had like eight seats. And he
goes, "Man, you're a [ __ ] I [ __ ]
watched the call. You're a [ __ ]
bro. You're fired. Get out of here. We
don't want your business." The guy was
like, "Oh, this." And he's like, "Mate,
post what you want. I'll post a [ __ ]
call. You're a [ __ ] We have a no
[ __ ] policy." Yep. If you want to
stay, it's double the price. you're
going to pay a [ __ ] tax. Yeah. And
he's like, I'll send you the proposal
and it will have a [ __ ] tax times
two. If you want to sign it, you can
sign it, mate. But until then, like, we
don't want your business. You're an
[ __ ] And like, people are like
shocked. It's like, mate, we have a line
of people trying to sign up this [ __ ]
thing. I love that. It's like, not only
are you going to pay double, but I'm
going to make sure you're aware that the
reason is because you're a [ __ ]
wanker. You're a [ __ ] I love that.
That's so good. Yeah. It's been really
good, actually. It's been really fun.
Like cuz the previous business was just
it got to a point where it was like just
unpleasant, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Um and so this is just so much
more fun. And I was talking about
yesterday like you know my previous
business like seventh level. It it put
me in a position where I was like
ultimately just just an unhappy person.
You know, I was running this big
business making tons of money and I was
just like I was a worst dad. I was a
worst husband. I was a worst friend. I
was traveling. I was missing things and
I was like, "What is the [ __ ] point
of this?" Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
You know, I'd rather make less money and
[ __ ] have my wife like enjoy my
company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and
and so, you know, I took a step back and
then reached a couple of boiling points
where I was like, I just don't think
this is the move for me. And I was
starting to be surrounded by people that
I just don't think were good were good
for me. You know, that there's a lot of
that in this world. There's a lot of
Yeah. It's like that you that Bible
passage which is like you know like you
know sort of um you know if it's a you
know if an idol made of gold or silver
made by man beware of the idol which you
worship. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. People
worship they worship the wrong things
you know. 100%. And uh if you start to
worship the [ __ ] the god of
ClickFunnels you know nothing against
those people but Oh no no they they
become like I remember accepting like
that 50 million award and you just get
people coming up to you like you're the
[ __ ] messiah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. And it's just like I just
saw some internet, bro. Like relax.
Yeah. Yeah. Like but it's just, you
know,
and and the way in which things are sold
and the way in which things are
presented is just like it's just like oh
like this doesn't make you happy. Yeah.
You know, like this like this isn't the
thing and it's presented as the thing
and it's like you just need this and
then you'll be enough, you know. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you know, it's
like it's not going to work like that,
guys. You know, and I've been in those
rooms. I've been in the 100 million
rooms and it's like I see a lot of
[ __ ] unhappy people with wives. The
amount of people in that sort of world I
know cheating on their wife and [ __ ]
doing [ __ ] that's [ __ ] up. Like, yeah,
it's no bueno. And so, I think, you
know, when you get to run a business
that you enjoy and that you you get to
do the things that you want and run it
in the way that you want to run it, and
me and Declan are on the same page,
like, yeah, it's awesome, dude. you
know, and we're going to sell this thing
like before it gets too big. Like I'm
going to try and get it to 10 15 million
a year, right? And then it'll be a 10 to
15x topline exit. Um, and we're setting
it up from that. Like audited financials
day one, the whole box and dice, right?
And it's like once I do that, you know,
like I don't want to run the company. I
I don't want to be the CEO of it. I
don't want if HR is involved, I'm out,
you know? I I I want to have fun and I
want to do the thing. And if I can do
that, then I'll I'll be able to be like
stay the fun guy. But if I have to
[ __ ] go into CEO mode again, May,
it's [ __ ] unpleasant. I'm not a nice
CEO. I get you, you know. So, but yeah,
but I got to go to the next meeting. But
dude, this was an awesome chat. Yeah,
likewise, bro.
