Hey guys, what's up? In this video, I'm
going to talk to you about humor. I'm
going to talk to you about why sometimes
people get away with saying crazy stuff
and sometimes people don't. And how you
can use humor in your sales without
actually having to be funny. The cool
thing is in a sales environment, it's
like playing chess against someone that
you're never going to play with again
before. You can have the same stupid
tactic over and over again, and it will
likely work if it's well rehearsed.
Okay? So, you don't have to worry about
being someone who's inherently funny
like me. All right? All you have to do
is figure out a couple of key things
that you can interject because humor is
a fantastic way to break the barrier
with people and to be able to say some
hyperbolic fairly rocker [ __ ] and get to
the truth of the matter a heck of a lot
faster. And it served me awfully well
throughout my sales and business career
building multiple 8 figureure companies
and now having a rad software and being
a software bro despite not even knowing
what API stands for. So stay through all
the way through to the end and I'm going
to teach you how to be funny. All right,
guys. So, for me personally, um I'll
give you a background on uh my sales
style and how um saying uh rockous
things to people um but getting away
with it has has become a staple in what
I do. So, I was a fat kid that went to
11 schools and I moved around a ton, was
in multiple different countries, and for
a long time wasn't good at sport until I
was. Uh, I was also had like learning
disabilities and stuff like that. And I
also had a crazy bad stutter. So, a lot
of people don't know that I had a
dyspraxic stutter. Dispraic stutter
means you can't talk. You go, okay,
which is pretty funny. The kids, right,
which is fair enough. I get it. You
know, # bringbackbullying. Okay. So, I
had to learn how to defend myself. And
so, when you're a fat kid with a stutter
moving to a lot of different schools,
you know, I I eventually sort of grew. I
grew like 7 in in uh 10 weeks. And then
I got taller. Hey. Right. Um, no, I grew
really really fast to the point where it
was like potentially not good for you.
Um, but I'm I'm 6'2 and I was a pretty
big high school senior. Um, but I was
real short and real fat up until about
uh 8th grade. Um, and so I had to
develop kind of a razor wit. So if
you've ever met me in person, uh, I'm
very similar. I'm the exact same as what
I am here. And I ruthlessly make fun of
everybody. Um, but I love being made fun
of, right? If you bully me enough, I
will come, right? That's that's kind of
how it works. And so, but I love the
back and forth. I love that part about
the army. I was in the special forces. I
was in tier one SF sniper. And we were
ruthless with each other. And I really
enjoyed that environment. So over the
course of years, I have been engineered
to be able to go very dark with people,
love dark humor and all that kind of
good stuff. And it served me really well
in sales. But there is a difference
because the only way there are some
people that get away with saying, you
know, crazy things to people and some
that don't. And the underlying reason
for that is that some people have venom,
right? My best friend Pat, he says like
you can feel the venom behind certain
people. And like I have a bite with no
venom. I I mean nothing by what I say.
I'm just saying it because it's funny
and stupid and and it's something that
popped into my head. And so but I don't
mean any of it because if you mean it,
it's it's it's it's terrible. Like you
can't say the terrible things that I
say, you know, like when I call up my
friend and go, "Mr. President, the
second tower has been hit." Right? I
can't do that with people if they think
that I'm being [ __ ] real. Right? You
know what I mean? Obviously terrorists
have an inside job. You know, if you
know, you know.
Right? But like it's very difficult to
get away with it if you have an
underlying agenda where you're trying to
be better than somebody. If you think
you're better than somebody or if you're
doing it to be mean and you're doing it
to be right. And I don't have any to
give about being right on a sales call.
I just want to make the sale. And a lot
of things that are holding you back as a
sales rep is that need to be ripe. Like
the first thing you need to know in the
art of being able to say things to
people without them getting offended is
that you have absolutely no [ __ ]
right to judge that person. None
whatsoever. You cannot say that they are
wrong for not buying. They are weak for
not buying. They are stupid for not
buying. That is an abhorrent statement.
And the reason for that is you are
looking at this person's life through a
keyhole. You are seeing a very very
small portion of what that is. and you
are then judging their decision-making
process on a 45minute conversation and
or or whatever sales process you're
taking them through. And it's a
ridiculous thing and it causes sales
reps to use coping mechanisms and you
know uh pull offers from people which is
[ __ ] [ __ ] Like let's be honest
like no you're not like shut up mate
just make the sale [ __ ] idiot right?
You know what I mean? um to protect
their ego, to protect them their I hate
when people say to protect their [ __ ]
headsp space or whatever. It's like
guys, if if you were a good sales rep,
you wouldn't take it so personally. And
the reason why you take it personally is
because you haven't learned to separate
yourself and you haven't realized yet
that there is nothing you can do to make
that person buy. There is nothing you
can do to make me do anything, right?
And I can't make you do anything. I can
try to convince you to convince
yourself. That's all I can do. But I
cannot make you do right. And it's the
people who think they can that have some
sort of crazy god complex that don't
realize that we are we we do not have
the right moral authority. We are not
perfect and good. Okay? You know, and
and it's not something that you can do
to somebody. So all you can do is a
process. That's it. I say it all the
time, but like, you know, it's it's like
shooting a gun and then like a big gust
of wind comes by and then going like,
"That bullet had a bad mindset." It's
stupid, right? You have the bad mindset
if you're the one doing that and going
like, "Oh, that bullet must have been
[ __ ] up." It's like, "No, mate." Like,
it's just the wind. It's just random.
Okay? Like, money is title. It comes in
and out. Sometimes people have
logistical barriers. Sometimes, most of
the time, if someone doesn't buy from
you, it's because they either one, just
cannot physically afford it, or two, you
haven't created a strong enough value
proposition. Fear-based objections are
essentially a coping mechanism that
sales reps give themselves so they can
have an out. They say, "Oh, that person
had a bad headsp space. They had a bad
mindset. That was a shitty lead." Right?
You're a shitty lead, mate. You're a
shitty sales rep. And so I if you just
surrender yourself that like you are not
that special and that you don't have the
power to manipulate people and force
people into doing things. Then you
realize all you have to do is a process
and everything becomes easier. You drop
the venom. You you you drop the act the
[ __ ] act of like you know some I'm a
closer or whatever. Right? When you have
that and you just can chill and you just
have a conversation with somebody and
and you're you're professional and you
know what you're doing and and you don't
care if they buy and and I don't mean
you don't care about the person, but you
don't care if they buy because all I'm
trying to do on a call is the process
that I know is the most predictable. And
as long as I do that, the numbers will
bear what the numbers bear and people
will buy. If if I sell 10 in a row, I'm
no better than if I then don't sell the
next 10. it's it's the same process
every time. Now, if my process is
changing all the time, I can learn
nothing from anything. And so, like then
people start, you know, it's just it's
impossible to learn from, right? So,
once I drop that, it becomes a lot
easier for me to then be free and I can
just start talking to people like a
normal human being. And the reason why
it's important is because like you then
are not perceived like a sales rep,
right? And and so people will start
opening up to you and opening up to you
faster and then you can say little funny
jokes. Now, what I recommend is that you
have a few prepackaged things early that
break the ice, right? You know, like um
you know, like Jeremy Miner from Seventh
Level, he has some great ones which is
like, "Oh, you know, just trying to stay
out of trouble." You know, or he's like,
"Oh, you know, if you're bored, you say,
"Oh, you know, just having a bad hair
day." Right? These little things are
tiny. Like, I'm not talking about going
like, "What's your local sports ball
team?" But there are little things that
you can say and do. You don't have to be
a funny person in order to just break
the ice, right? Being self-deprecating
is also really good. Okay? So, saying
little things like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah,
I've dealt with that before." You know,
it's like, oh, I've got a, you know,
yeah, man, you know, got a list as long
as my arm to get through today, you
know, and and just stuff like that, like
little stupid things, but all they do is
they just make you sound more human and
connect. And essentially, when you're
talking about using humor and using
things to get away with saying things so
that you can ask more direct questions,
okay, later on down the track, it's
because you're a human that's and they
you've taken them through a human
process and you've dropped all of the
[ __ ] right? and you've realized
there is nothing you can do in order to
make that person buy. And that's what
being detached from the sale actually
means. Okay, so like in summary, humor
good, right? You can say a lot of
rockous things to people, but the
underlying truth has to be that the
reason for that is that you're just a
chill human who does not think you're
better than someone, who's not trying to
mindset them into all this kind of crazy
[ __ ] and you don't have an agenda,
and you're not going to like judge
people. Because one of the great things
about comedy is that, you know, it's a
relatively judgment-free zone and
everybody is equally accountable to
everything, right? Which is why, you
know, if you tell a 9/11 joke or a dead
baby joke and it's not funny, it's not
good humor and it doesn't land well. But
if it is funny, it's [ __ ] hilarious,
right? And if you can tell a phenomenal
off-color dark joke and it's funny, you
can say whatever the [ __ ] you want,
right? And people will go along with it
for the most part. All right? And just
long story short, guys, chill the [ __ ]
out. Don't judge people. You're no
better than them. And if you live life
that way, slumps will go away.
