Um, yeah, so I had a question. How would you go about to um calling outbound age leads that have no clue who you are? Oh. What's the What do you sell? I sell coaching I sell sales training for real estate agents. Okay. And are they age leads or cold leads? Like what's Age leads. They opted in for some of our stuff like maybe two, three years ago.
But I assume they have the same problem they they had back then. Maybe. Uh what's your current script? My current script is normally I'm just like uh hey um is this John? Hey John, this is Abel from big from Dale's office. Just saw you grabbed XYZ. And then they're they're going to be like, "Oh, I don't remember clicking on anything.
" And then I'd normally say, "Yeah, man, if you're like me, you probably click on a bunch of stuff on like Facebook, Instagram. We were probably one of those ads. Uh let me ask you, are you still open for more business right now or fully capped out?" And then if they don't kind of end the call, I'll just go on with my normal script script.
Okay. And is that working? Um I I'd say it's working maybe 30% of the time. A lot of people they're just like, "Who are you guys? What do you do? I don't remember clicking on anything." Um >> [clears throat] >> uh Are you in a membership? Like are you obviously you are, but like what level? I'm on the the 50 the 50 bucks a month.
Uh the the just the courses. Okay, cool. Um just saying going to cadence sessions would be good. Um like what you're saying is fine. The tonality of like age leads is sort of where you want to play around the most. Um like uh generally speaking what like there's a couple of deflections that are difficult to teach in this in this kind of like antiquated environment.
Um uh but you you know, so it's like you know, hey name yeah all right hey name hey looks like it was a while ago you you reached out about XYZ. Um you know, like you might have got a ton of these phone calls. You know, but I'm just calling to kind of get the system set up. Like what ended up happening with that? That's kind of like a good frame to take for age leads.
It's like a it's what usually like filing expense insurance and stuff like that would do. Um but it's got to be kind of like a customer service semi like I'm trying to sort out your profile and make sure you don't get called a bunch of times. Right? Right? Right? Uh difficult to do well um but very very effective. Right? So um but your script is like just like a off-the-shelf anything you script.
You know what I mean? So there's no Sorry, I just had a another question. Mhm. Yeah. And uh I right now I'm I'm like 18 years old. I'm a appointment setter. I make like two grand a month with a base and comes. What other advice would you have for me to kind of transition into closing in the high ticket space? I mean, I don't think appointment setting is a transitional skill.
Like I don't think it will make you better at closing. Mhm. Um I would just close deals. All right? Like I'll apply for closing offers. I mean, going on something like Committed Coaches would be good because like you get a [ __ ] load of experience in a very short period of time. You'll get way more experience for doing that.
You make more money than what you're making now setting. Right? Um cuz like setting for age leads is like the most difficult form of setting. Right? So like that's going to get you good at that component. But the closing component it won't really have any benefit to you. You know what I mean? Because like openers are good like outbound is really good to be good at because it's like a phenomenal skill long term.
Um and like it it gives you I guess a lot of breathing room when it comes to being a closer because you know that you can just pick up the phone, call people, and get opportunity. Right? Which I would be fine with. Um but uh you're better off going on something like Committed Coaches for example. Right? Like where you will get an enormous amount of opportunity to just close deals.
And for Committed Coaches, is there not any like necessary experience in closing required to possibly land an offer? No, no, no, because like you'll just like 350,000 buyer leads a month. So like they can't can't call them a mistake. If you're you're you're you're you're your mom can jump on them closing deals and be fine.
You know what I mean? Bring like bring on anybody. Right? Like literally, I think like my recruitment target was like 300 new people. What they wanted me to do I was like, "Fuck, all right." Um in like a month. Which is ridiculous. Uh but there's just so many leads and they just had a huge a huge supplement company come on.
So they have like they're going to have like 400,000, 500,000 leads in January. So it's madness. So it's a good opportunity because like the level of like your closing skill is not going to be looked at or scrutinized that much because there's so much like lead opportunity and volume. Right? And I think selling fitness is like the the best like starting point for anyone.
Okay, thank you very much. No worries, guys. All right, Yuvraj. I'm sure I butchered that big time. Yeah. Uh okay, so I have like a quick question. It's like um whenever we're selling like biz op. So I have like one question, where do you do gap build? Like I usually do it after problem awareness. But I've seen people doing it after solution awareness.
So when can we do the gap building? Exactly. Well, I think like the I think the issue is like people just say things like gap building, but like which one? Which gap? Like ex- like how much sales they're losing on the table? Like we we tell them the calculator or pattern interrupt, right? Well, it's biz op, right? So they're not losing any sales. Mhm.
Yeah. So like how do you do >> what's what's what's the avatar of the biz op though? Because generally speaking there are three. Right? So there's like there's uh and you're going to get all of them. There's the person that hates their job and wants to quit. Mhm. Right? There's the person that loves their job but can't make enough money like a teacher.
Yeah? And then you've got the person who's like a business owner who is usually doing fairly well but kind of capped out and wants to add another. So like which gap are you talking about? Because you've got the gap you've got like the skill set gap. So you've got it you've got multiple sort of gaps and which is why I think like someone's teaching something cuz I'm getting this question a lot.
Someone's teaching something that has some sort of misunderstanding of this process. And then people are coming to my [ __ ] cheapest [ __ ] program and asking me this question constantly. So like uh you you've got like skill set, you've got problem gaps, and you've got solution gaps. You know what I mean? So in each phase the the goal is to sort of understand what you want from each phase of what you're doing.
I think NEPQ is like probably the best overall sales structure. Because I think it's like the most valuable. Because it's broken down into components that make sense. Right? This this is this is to me. Now I don't have a dog in this fight anymore, so I couldn't give two [ __ ] right? But like I'm just letting you know. So breaking it down into phases that make sense to me means that you can like tweak a phase.
Right? You know, which I think is a very beneficial thing to be able to do. So you know, in in in your in your problem awareness your your your gap is like what is the what is like what issues is the problem causing? Right? Does that make sense? So like and you and you start to build. So like this is where they are now. This is where they want to be.
Right? So this is the gap here. And then you've got the consequence of not of your your cost of inaction which then builds the entire gap. So there is no one area in where you build a gap. Now, if you're talking about like in biz op like you want to build a numbers gap of like I want to make this.
I do that personally after rationale question. That's where I do like logistical gap building. Mhm. Because I cuz then it transitions into like your first solution question which is like before you started talking to me, have you been out there looking for ways to? Right? So I like that transition. I think it's really easy and simple.
I can crowbar a bunch of weird [ __ ] into it if I need to because I can go I can just go rationale question yeah yeah yeah. Right? >> Perfect. Make sense? Yeah, let's say I'm selling like a sell car salesman. He's making good money but he's chasing like time freedom and he wants to get in high ticket.
So what should be my gap building on specifically? Can you ask that again? Like let's say I'm selling to a car sales guy who's like making good money. >> I feel like you didn't understand uh much of what I just said if you asked that question. I did. But like Cuz your question makes no sense given the answer that I gave. Okay, okay. Sorry.
So yeah, like >> No, you're okay. So what I'm saying is like there is no particular one area. No. Right? But if you're going to build like if you're selling sales training for example, Mhm. it doesn't matter what you're selling. Let's just let's just put it out there. It doesn't matter what you're selling.
It matters what information you're trying to get. Right? If you're trying to get information about like the future of what they want, you're going to do that in solution. And that gap is going to be built through from the beginning of problem all the way to the end of solution. If you're looking for logistical numbers, like you can crowbar that in almost anywhere. It doesn't really matter.
Right? But it has to make sense conversationally and probably going to be more towards the solution awareness component of the call. Right? I do it at that rationale question which is a transition between problem and solution. Perfect. Thank you. Okay. All right, cool. Thank you. >> Uh L. Hi Matt. I was I was wondering I'm 15 and I'm trying to get into high ticket sales with school and all.
I was wondering what you'd suggest doing. I'd suggest you be a [ __ ] you be a [ __ ] kid, right? To be honest. Like if I'm if I'm as a 42 nearly 42 year old man with children that are like almost your age. I I would suggest that you I mean like listen Like first of all I'm I can't really give you too much advice because you're a minor and your parents aren't present.
So like I would say stay in school and don't do drugs is like my main my main Yeah, yeah. kind of thing. I don't think you honestly should get into high ticket sales at 15 years old. I don't I don't think like unless you're in some sort of like rocus financial situation where you're as a 15 year old girl going to have to like kind of prop up your family.
Right? Like I don't think that's a good idea because I think that getting into a sales environment this early also like kind of um it kind of I don't I don't think it's massively good for people's psyche. Right? Because like sales is like a semi like manipulative kind of thing to go down. You know what I mean? And so I don't know if like I think learning skills is fantastic but I don't >> Okay.
Like I would say like you're going to get far more out of you're not going to figure out what you want to do yet, right? So difficult question for me to answer because I can't give you really any much much advice but and no one will hire you. Okay, yeah. Right? Like no one should hire you. No one can hire you. You know what I mean? Unless you lie about your age which I guess I wouldn't recommend doing that.
Like I I I took on Yash when he was like I think 17 but I spoke to his parents. Right? And like they were part of the whole process and conversation in terms of doing sales and like that was kind of a semi unique situation. Right? Okay, yeah. Right? But I don't know the advice you want but whatever.
But I I would honestly [clears throat] recommend that like you probably um finish school and have to have some fun. Like you're actually going to be from a pure communication standpoint like if you want to be good at sales like as you get older you're actually better off having like genuine social interactions with a lot of people.
Because one of the things that I see that's holding a lot of these like COVID babies back like the like the now 23 year old 22 year old 20 year olds that lost a lot of their formative education years to COVID because they weren't let to go to school so they did online. Like they can't talk to people like normal humans.
And so like that's why they're not that good. Yeah, that's why like a lot of the young dude sales trainers that you see like it's there's something weird about it and it's because like they never had tons of social interactions. That's that's my that's my at least thought process. All right, thank you. >> But like no one can hire you until you're like 17.
Okay. >> Or like straight up. All right? All right? Got it. Thank you. >> I say some rocus [ __ ] on these calls so [ __ ] your moms. You know what I mean? All right? >> All right. >> Thanks. Um But you're sounding a lot smarter than me when I was your age. Um all right, cool. Who's up next? No one? No, let's role play. Matt Matt, I'll go.
Uh All right, there's no line. >> uh hey, how are you doing? Um so I I am I just joined the group yesterday. Trying to build out more of a referral system at Hyros and just getting more people on to >> you work for Hyros? Yes. Okay. Welcome to the party. Thanks, brother. No worries. What's the referral system now? Well, we have an affiliate program.
Also we have an agency program. And it's basically as an AE so I'm I'm a senior AE at Hyros and um just trying to get you know, double double my sales so that I can just get more introductions to other people. Okay. Well, like so I think I I've grown a few businesses like off referral.
I would say Dialer is built almost exclusively off referral and I think that I'm a [ __ ] referral machine. Right? So all I can do is tell you what I've done. Now like in order to get referrals you have to give them. Mhm. Okay, like in in the in the business world and it becomes like a whenever I meet someone new, right? And like I get an introduction or I have a meeting is first of all I'll take like most meetings.
Like if I get an intro with somebody and it's kind of like unless someone's like hey, I have an opportunity for you to speak at my [ __ ] IG live. I'm just like I'd have no thanks, right? But like you know, people are like oh hey, I think you should meet XYZ. I'm like yeah, cool. Sounds good. Let's hop on a call, right? Then what I'll do is I'll like I always like ask about them ask about them personally and then I try and find out like hey, what's your perfect client? Like if I can send you five people like who would you want?
Right? And then I will I will be the first one to send. Mhm. [clears throat] Like I will send you five referrals within the first two days of meeting you. And my referrals are aggressive. >> [laughter] >> Yeah. I I do really aggressive like intros and like I chase the people. Right? And I make sure that they happen they get on and stuff like that, right? And Cole Gordon's the same way.
So Cole [clears throat] Cole does like phenomenal referrals. You know what I mean? He's really good at it. He talks to people. He he speaks it but it really is like less of a system and more of like a way of being. Right? So I try and be I try and be like I try and have like a a regular contact regime. So I like I contact these people regularly.
You know, speak to them. Hey, how's it going? Like is there anything any way that I can send you at the moment? Like I just spoke to a few different people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like I'm just actively trying to hustle muscle all the time. And that will build up because you'll find a person that is like a unicorn referral.
Mhm. You know? And they're just like bang bang bang bang bang. And you just got to make sure that their experience on Hyros is fantastic and just like be the point of contact. Be the one who fixes problems for them, whatever. But then like send them people cuz like you would have a unique network. Right? Given that you're selling for Hyros so like you would know a lot of people that would have like either like that can create referral networks together.
I think sometimes people forget that a referral can be someone who can create a referral network. Like hey, you guys have the same clientele. Right? But you don't compete. Mhm. >> [clears throat] >> Yep. You know? And it's like oh, perfect. Like I remember on one of these calls once there was a guy who sells like content marketing and a guy who sells like med spa stuff.
Right? And it's like a lot of their content clients are med spa and these guys sell medical device to med spa. You know what I mean? I was like oh, you guys should get together and start referring people business. And they have now and they are. Which is great. Right? And so like that's how I look at it personally.
And do you have a system like where you're tracking like the referrals that your system so you're just you just got a a sheet you're just you're just sending them referrals and just doing it. Yeah, dude. Like I I I and everyone sort of wants like a follow up system referral system but I think the problem is that if you ask anyone who gets a lot of referrals and does a lot of follow up there is no system.
It's just do and do it a lot. You know? And so and I cuz I think I think that the the system is like a barrier. You know what I mean? And like that's what people want to set you don't need to set it up. Like just go through all your clients and then go through the synergistic ones and just start making intros. Right? >> Well, I have I've already started to do it and I've had some big wins but I just you know, I I guess I'm like looking for more permission.
I don't know why but it's like it's working. I just need to double down, you know? Yeah, dude. Double triple down. It works. Like you know, people are like go get their permission to be able to make intros. Like hey man, are you cool if I do intros with people who I think like you guys can set up referral networks or could be customers or like could be a good connection for you. Yeah, sweet.
Do you like them by text or by email? You know, cuz I go cuz texts are just so quick. Right? I can just do a group text and then you know, [ __ ] go from there. Yep. Then I'm going to do that. Yeah, cool. I'm in. You know what I mean? Yep. Um it's just like it's just a way of being. Like I reckon yeah, I probably sold a couple hundred accounts last year with just straight referral.
Yeah. So it works. But you just got to kind of it's just hustle muscle and give to get. You know. >> [clears throat] >> That's sort of that's sort of the key underlying thesis of it. Um all righty. Good stuff, man. Uh Travis. Hello, I'm sorry. Is this a quick one? So I'm an SDR/BDR and I do mostly outbound.
I was wondering for the level two is there a lot of content around sort of outbound cold calling? Uh no. No. Outbound like first of all like you're saying cold calling and outbound are different things. Like if they do outbound and cold call but cold calling is a very specific thing. Um there is sessions all of cadence sessions are pretty much just to do with outbound.
Um and there is some stuff to do with outbound, but like there's nothing specifically to cold call because as I've said in my content a thousand times, I've never done cold calling, so I don't talk about it. Okay, fair enough. I'm sorry, maybe silly question. What is the difference between outbound and cold calling? Sorry.
Well, cold calling is like you're getting phone numbers out of a um like out of a yellow pages or like they're literally like just like usually you buy them buy the phone numbers that haven't opted into anything that I don't know that you're going to be calling. They are not a lead. Right? You can't There's like legality differences around it.
You can't use auto dialers for cold calling. It's against the law. Um but if someone's opted into something, it might be an age lead, right? Like say 2 years ago. That's like age lead outbound, but like there's context to them like they asked for a call at some point or bought a product at some point.
And then you've got like normal outbound that most SDRs do which is like, you know, someone downloaded a lead magnet and then like they get a call. Yeah. All right, brilliant. And you said it's cadence content that should be uh looking at. Cadence sessions, yeah. Yeah. All right, thanks. That's all. No worries, dude. Uh all right, Jake. So when you ran your gyms, um when you did your ads, were you were you running just call to action offers or were you also doing like awareness ads and video ads and stuff like that? Um so what I did is I I split my demo into
men and women. Right? So um and then I ran um like awareness and education campaigns to men for a month. While I was doing that, I would do call to action ads to women. And then I would flip them. So I would do month on month off like uh so men would only get call to actions every other month and women would only get call to actions every other month and then they would get awareness campaigns.
Um like cuz obviously like it's local targeting, right? So like it's pretty easy if you're doing like say video view ads plus likes and downloadables or whatever to like generate a pretty substantial audience for that area. And then so and then like your first say week of ads is just retargeting to the people who have watched say 25% of a video or whatever.
Um and so like that generally speaking was a lot cheaper way of running it. The other it depending on the population density as well of the area. Like we wouldn't we would do like a think of like a like a pie, right? You know what I mean? We would do like not all of the pieces of the pie at once.
So we would go like we're going to go you know, like if we go to coordinates, we're going to go like from due west to due north, whatever. Right? And then the next month you got that or whatever. So depending on population density like if you're in a really really dense area, then you can get a good audience without doing anything.
Um so we would do that way. That makes sense. Yeah, cuz I only do 40 40 40 plus and and I figure I've been running ads for 10 years now and I don't do any awareness or videos, so I feel like They're kind of It's definitely It's very It's a very It's a very cheap way. Like you know, like you're looking at Facebook 40 plus, you're doing Instagram, you're using meta ads.
Like you're going to pay 1 to 3 cents per video view. And then usually what you'll do is like if you want to do like good like long-term uh strategy is like think of like a staircase. So you might like say film 10 videos and then the next video unlocks once someone's watched say 25% of a video. So you set up a campaign and it goes like video one, if they watch that, they get video two, if they watch that, they get video three, if they watch that, they get video four, video five, whatever.
And then video five can be like call to action video, right? So like that audience is basically free because no one's bidding for it because it's a big auction system, you know? So um that's like a pretty tried and tested like uh I guess awareness campaign slash like CTA low-hanging fruit. And then you can take those audiences and you can like further show them other [ __ ] Um but you can develop pretty good audience.
Also one other thing is like you know, only put your depending on the size traffic, but if you like have a thank you page for people who are like successful opt-ins and a like a different thank you page like say during an application or something, only pixel the successful opt-in one. Mhm. Right? And then it only gives meta the information of the people who are the ones that you want.
Mhm. Right? >> Are you a fan of You put it on your landing page, right? If you are doing landing pages, are you doing like lead If you're doing like It's irrelevant to form. If you're doing lead form, yeah. Lead forms are going to be cheaper, but usually lower quality. Yeah, that's what I was going to say. Are you a fan of adding like questions on the lead form for a local market or not not so much? More about volume.
I don't think there is a right or a wrong. I just think it's whatever's working. It's going to It's going to be like the different week to week, month to month, year to year type thing, right? So I think like if you I I don't think there will be a huge correlation in lead form to adding question and like bumping quality.
I don't think it will be massive, so I think if you switched over to a landing page, you would see a bump in quality. Um but it might not be worth it. So like you know, if your sales system is working the way that it's working now, I think you would get a better result than probably doing retargeting based on some quality content.
You know, I I used to do I [clears throat] used to do like I used to do tons of content. We also one of the most successful thing we did was run like outcome-driven campaigns. So, you know, we ran you know, like 12-week sports model boot camps or you know, like and we had like I used to get special guest people to come in and like they'd be the face of a program.
Like Rachel Guy, I know I don't know if you know Rachel Guy is, but I've known her for like a long time. She's like a fairly well-known sports model chick. Um and Heidi Boyl as well and stuff like that. So I got them to come in. They'd be the face of the program. I would charge like 150 bucks a week for group training.
And then they would get like, you know, 20% for just being the face of the advertising and like like writing the programs and stuff. So that's what always worked well. Okay. Yeah. I like it. Cool. All right, Casper. Hi Matt, nice to meet you. Yeah. I struggle with money objection. I do it your way. I try to handle logistics first uh and I try to tie down a payment plan and then uh go into fear or something else.
But I found out that often my prospects get frustrated or don't want to settle for uh a payment plan. They don't want to lock a certain amount if you know what I mean. Okay. Yeah. So are you good at it? Mhm. I try to do it in neutral way, like really neutral and I sell in Polish in my national language. So >> Okay.
Yeah. Okay. I'm not the best, but yeah. No, no, cuz like there's there's there's a you know, um do you know your stats on like how how often you overcome money objection? You never Is it Is the Is the product fairly expensive? Yeah, it is. It's dating offer 6K in our Polish currency. Which Polish currency ends up sort of working out one-to-one equivalency of like you know, like a a Subway sandwich is like the same.
Do you know what I mean? It's like yeah, 10 10 krona? Is it krona? That's what it is, right? No, it it's PLN Polish zloty. Okay. >> And it's like correlated with American dollar. It's like uh 6K uh compared to uh earnings in Poland. Average Polish Polish people earn like 5K, 4K. >> Yeah. That's what I'm saying.
So it actually ends up kind of working out like Yeah. from a cost of living standpoint, the number is relatively the same as like say US. You know what I mean? Average person making 5K, 6K, yeah. Um okay, so it's it's it's somewhat expensive, but not but not crazy expensive offer. Um how long have you been doing it for? I closing for one month one month two months, but general I'm in closing space 5 years.
Okay. All right, sweet. Um I obviously can't give you feedback by hearing you in Polish, right? Yeah. Um because I don't speak Polish, right? So um what what I would say is like um money object like there's there's no formula that like fixes the problem of them not having the money. Right? So like if they don't have the money, they don't have the money.
All you can do is go through a process. Like the goal is to get the people who have the money but are giving you money objection. Right? Like Does that make sense? So you got to kind of determine if whether or not like from an objective as objective as you can be are these people just not have the money, right? Now, if they're saying I'm not willing to do a payment plan, I would say are the payment plans stupid? Or are they just are they just significant are they more expensive? No.
Not at all. They're the same price? So, if you do a one pay or a 10 pay, it's the same price? It's like uh it's like maybe 200 difference, but I try to pitch the highest amount first. Okay, cool. Sweet. Um so, if you're doing that, it's like money aside, if it is going to be the answer yes, I would say you're probably not like do they do are they needing it and wanting it before you you price? Yeah, I I check the commitment stage before uh before dropping price.
>> What's what's the usual like what's the usual like answer to your consequence questions? Uh that they would probably be alone. They because it's dating offer. So, if they don't do anything about this, they would be alone. They would feel alone. That they are not able to fulfill their dream, and it would be depressing for them.
That's the usual answer. Okay. And do they have the money they just don't want to spend it? Mm. I would say that this kind of problem it's connected to people that uh don't have the money for the full program, mm but maybe have like 2,000 or 3,000. And I would like to >> to probably be more of an [ __ ] Probably.
Like if you're getting them to like I need it, I want it, I'm going to be [ __ ] desperate alone, I will say getting offers attracts the most [ __ ] beta of humans, right? They just does. Like I've listened to calls and like you really do need to daddy slap these people a little bit. Where is that all chicks here? [ __ ] earmuffs.
Um like you need to daddy slap they're like full beta [ __ ] mode half the time, right? It just kind of is what it is. Like Yeah, you should like you should dominate these people. You should dominate. Yeah, you should be like from the beginning. Like the moment they give you it's like, "Well, that's why you're not getting any pussy.
" Like Yeah. Cuz you're a [ __ ] Like you should you you need to be like with a dating offer, like you need to be pretty like I say alpha because it's like but it's going to be the most douchebag of context. Like you just need to be quite authoritative and like You know what I mean? Like like your old school stuff, fitness old school stuff you had.
Well, I'd say like I mean I still like that now. You know what I mean? Like I'm pretty authoritative and straightforward. Right? And like just don't be afraid to be things like, "Okay, so you want this, you need this, but you don't want to spend the money, but you can make it work." Sweet. Well, you know, I'd want to date you as well. So, you don't even trust yourself enough.
Like what are you projecting? What are you putting out there? Like if you don't if you're not going to invest in you, why would someone invest their time in you? And so like you have to there's a level of like that objection handling stuff is designed to go like they need to you need to get them to like a that payment plan would work.
I think one of the problems might be as well, you're trying to get a definitive kind of transaction, whereas like if they're saying, "No, no, I'm not going to do a payment plan." Like that doesn't make any sense because given the way that I do it, like I've never had that. Right? Because like I'm not going for a transaction, I'm talking about like money aside cuz the answer yes, why is that? What do you feel like could be the key to you? Sweet.
Here's the upfront amount or if we could break it up, would that help you? Right? That's a very neutral question that has nothing to do with the transaction point. You know what I mean? And then it's like, "All right, cool. Do it like oh, you can do that? Yeah. Do you want to have that conversation? Yeah. Well, what we can do is pretty common.
People, you know, usually break it up like this. Do any of does that would would that work within your current budget? Like oh, I'm not going to do a payment plan. Oh, it's like I'm not talking about you doing it today. We're figuring out if this would work. Yeah. All right. And then you get the numbers and then from there you go on to the next page. Yeah.
And at that point, they are like, "I don't know. I have expenses." So, they want to go >> you're not trying to get the transaction. So, it's like, "No, I'm not making you pay it today. We're just trying to figure out like is this something that you feel like would be beneficial to your life? Yes. Okay, well, let's figure out what it would look like if you were going to do it, dickhead.
" All right? Okay, cool. This. Would that work? Yes, it would. Are you sure? Yes, it would. Okay, how would you like to proceed? Then they can give you another objection. But that's fine. But like you're not trying to get the transaction from that. You're trying to get like the agreement that this would work.
They don't have to do it. You know what I mean? Yeah, agreement on the certain amount and then discuss if they actually want to do it. >> you don't want to put it the transaction question copy in there. It's like a almost hypothetical. Mhm. Right? All right, cool. Um I've I've got only got about nine more minutes, guys. Just so you know.
So, yeah, huh? Hey Matt, Matt, I wanted to ask more of a mindset related question. So, for you in your career as a sales rep, how did you sort of stay consistent and keep that level of standard and like and prevent burnout? Like didn't you get you know, kind of mentally I guess exhausted all the way you know, all those years and stuff? >> Just don't be a [ __ ] Like nothing we're doing here is hard, guys.
Like you sit and talk to people all day. Like this is not difficult. Yeah. Like if you think it's difficult, that's the problem. Like what are we talking about here? Like I didn't have to take a Red Bull and have a [ __ ] mantra when I was kicking doors in when I was 20 year old and [ __ ] shooting terrorists.
Like I didn't have to like get up for that. I don't think I have to have a [ __ ] a cold plunge and have my safe space to talk to somebody on the phone, right? Like you just have to realize that your job is incredibly easy. Like it it is not demanding in any way. Being good at sales is an is an academic, right? This is an academic venture.
So, that's all it is. There's nothing physically demanding about it whatsoever, nor is there anything like particularly emotionally demanding about it. Right? You just have to sit down and work for eight hours. The problem is most people can't do that without somebody telling them to do it. Right? Whereas like when I go to work at home, I'm more productive at home than I am in an office.
Right? So, like if like and if you if not you, see I'm talking about like the proverbial you, not you as a human. Mhm. All right, the royal you. Um like I don't know. If if people need supervision, people need to go get a [ __ ] job at an office. If you can't be trusted to work hard without supervision, this isn't the place for you.
It's not the job. Like you shouldn't be in remote sales. You know? So, I don't think there's any requirement for a mindset. Maybe that's a good mindset. I suppose a mindset guru would argue that I just have a good mindset. Um you know. >> I think that is cool. Yeah, I just think it's like this is a very easy job.
It's difficult to be good at from an academic standpoint. You know what I mean? But it's like it's not demanding anyway. There's like you know, it's it's it's easy. Um all right. Uh no worries. Is it Victor? I'm good. See that information. Yeah. You can hit pause. You can Tony Robbins at the power button. Uh you're if you're talking, Victor, you're on mute, buddy.
Command D if you're on a Mac. Sorry, we'll just wait. No. Still haven't got you. All right, we'll go. You stay there. We'll go while you figure that out. We'll go with Julia. Hey Matt. Hey, you're that one girl that watches my content. Nice to meet you. Yeah. >> [laughter] >> I know. Um yeah, good. How are you? Good. Um what do you think induces a think about it objection? Um couple answers.
One, just a prospect who's sort of um uh not able to have a I guess a semi-combative conversation. Yeah, just the people who are like, "Oh, yeah, I'll give you a call." Right? Like so, there's that. There's people who are too polite to say no. Okay? Mhm. The other is just a straight-up lack of urgency. You know? On my part, yeah. But I >> It's a lack Yeah, it's a lack of building urgency.
So, and and urgency is built from the uh the diaspora of the like positive future state and negative future state. So like, you know, diaspora is being pulled between two places, right? Um so like that that positive future state needs to be like in like ah it's out of touch like ah it's right there I can't get it, you know? Um but they know they can get it but they need help and it's it's worth fighting for like it's worth being uncomfortable uh you know, like you're not going to walk over broken glass to get to an ice cream but if there was like a duffel bag
with $10 million in it you might walk over broken glass to get it, right? So like that it has like what's worth walking over the broken glass to get to. Right? >> So you don't reckon it's like um pitches too long and talking too much. I mean that's that's like those are I guess more practical reasons why it could be induced but again the pitch too long would uh it would end up driving down the urgency.
Right? Because like it's just a lot of logistical talk. So they have to need it, want it and need it now, you know, that's you know. And so uh if your pitch is like really long that will cause think about objections because you're giving someone like you just an overload of information and and just a lot of time.
So unless you're like Tony Robbins you just can't hold those super emotional conversations for a real long period of time. You know, so you've only got say 45 minutes maybe an hour. I think at about the 40-minute mark people start to dump information. So if you're at 60 minutes they're forgetting the first 20.
That's how I look at it. Right? Sort of like it it goes and then it moves, you know? Um So I try and I try and bear that in mind cuz the longer the call goes the more chance it has of ending in a think about it objection. Yeah, so Yeah, >> [laughter] >> well there that's probably your problem. Right? So if your calls are too long it's usually going to be either a factor of like you suck at interjecting.
You know? Um >> Yeah. And and keeping people on track or you go down unnecessary rabbit holes that you feel are productive. Right? And it could probably combination of the two. Um uh but a really good way to figure that out it is like put a bunch of transcripts in the chat GPT. Right? And then like find what are the core problems that people uh who buy have.
Right? And like what are the common threads amongst that? And then what is like conversations that what parts of the conversation you're having that feel unproductive towards the actual end state of the call that you're doing consistently and then like you can start to like see some traps that you fall into.
You know, AI is like a really great helper. You know? Um but most people think that certain things are productive and they're not like if I sell sales training or personal marketing for example going into your current marketing is just not that helpful for me. Like >> Yeah, I'm in property. So like they they think they're getting on a call to talk about property and then I'm like talking about the emotional outcome that they're looking for.
What what are you selling though? You are you a realtor? No, so I work for a developer in Hayes in Melbourne and he You selling house and land or No, so he it's um education, coaching and mentoring to learn how to do subdivisions. Okay, who is it? Matt Matt Michael Timmons. Okay, cool. Veva? Actually we have dialer.
So you know, do you know him? Yeah, yeah I know. >> Yeah. So I'm on Veva and like I'm doing okay. My No. Scrap that. My close rate is 25%. Um probably going to finish on 8 and 1/2 this month. And I just want to get good now and beat the other closers. I like the attitude. That's pretty good though. Um that's like >> But it just feels like like on the calls I'm [snorts] not um like I don't pick stuff up on the calls.
It's only when I look back and go like why did I do that or I should have gone this way. I should have gone that way. And I don't know if that's like a reps thing. Uh well if it's if you're picking it up on your call reviews then you can do it then you can figure out how to do it on the real call.
That is just a bit of a time takes time uh unfortunate consequence of learning things, right? Um so I would pick one thing that trips you up regularly. So um instead of seeing the 10 things that you're doing wrong ignore nine of them which is the most difficult skill set when it comes to getting good at something to ignore the nine and focus on one.
So if uh I would start more towards the top of the call if there is a consistent tripping point that you're getting. If there's a rake that you're stepping on early then focus on that one rake. Right? My sales manager reckons that I don't challenge enough in pre-handling. Well, that's a very overarching statement and it although it may be true right? Um I would if you like the fastest way to getting better now is to find something towards the beginning of the call that consistently doesn't give you optimal performance,
right? Like try and try and boil down to one thing. And that is a strategic call wide issue that not challenging. It's not a tactical issue. Right? So like if you um although that's a good thing to fix it is a process to fix that and it's more of like a you just need to [ __ ] nut up, woman. Right? And do it, you know? That's kind of one of those things and you're going to do it on some days and on other days.
And so but if you can find something towards the top of the call like if you can really dial in like the first like say two paragraphs or paragraph of your script and word that in a way that gets you to really really consistent outcomes then like you just scaffolding of your conversation is much stronger.
And so you can be far more >> [clears throat] >> uh concerted uh and concentrated with your efforts because like it's not this like wide overarching conversation about everything. It gets more pointy quicker. Yeah, he believes that up top when I say, "Okay, so you how long you've been thinking about doing this?" They say, "Oh, I've wanted to do it for 10 years.
" Yeah, so what shifted recently to where you actually want to start doing something about it? He my sales manager is like you need to like go in there and that's where you're going to build your authority. Well, you don't have any authority. Like I mean I don't want to assume you do but you don't have any authority, right? So you like let's just pretend that's another thing.
But so I would I would there go so what shifted recently to where you actually want to start like doing something about this? Because like that's where you start to build your urgency because they haven't done it for 10 years. What's the next year and you, right? So like that >> But then they just say some [ __ ] excuse.
They're like, "Oh, you know, like kids I don't have to pay private school. I got some capital. I got some cash to free up. I don't you know, blah blah blah." And that's where they want me to be like, "Yeah, none of that stuff is your fault but it is your responsibility as the man of the family to to do something.
" Are you doing that that early? Nice. >> Yes. It's like literally a tiny bit of problem and probing and then so what have you done what have you tried to achieve tangible outcome? And they'll go Sorry, they'll say nothing. Or I've done this this and this. And then and then like he wants me to go in the quiet hard there to build my authority.
Um yeah I mean listen if it's working do it, right? Like that's you know, that's what I'll say. If if it is working especially with other people do it because you know, how other people come in is a big role. I like to stage that out just a little bit and just kind of like punch it out a little bit. So um but it sounds like you need to have when when you say something like what what shifted recently, right? You need to have like three or four questions probing questions at the ready that gets you to the deeper level what
in the way that you feel comfortable. Right? Like write them out, try them, listen to some of the calls and like write actually write out those probing questions. You know, that's the easiest way and you'll just kind of like then then you just like then you just like adjust them.
Cuz giving them a responsibility reframe so early That's a rough one. That is a a especially if it's especially if it's a husband wife on the call. Yeah, and it's like they're spending they're literally spending like a million dollars to do a subdivision and spending 10 10 the course and so when they're like, you know, we've had little kids and stuff I'm kind of like, well, I kind of get it.
Yeah, that's kind of fair enough. Um all right guys, I have to run. Sorry, I'm already over time. I'm late for a meeting. Um it was uh happy New Year. I'm going to be announcing something in like a day for the next big course that is going to be coming out as part of this. So look out for that. Love your work. Bye.
Bye. >> Mhm.
>> Hey.
