This is day one of a 5-day fast. And in
this video, I'm going to tell you the
reasons why I'm doing a 5-day fast. And
I'm actually going to show you day by
day what it feels like to do it. I've
done 3-day fast. I've done one day fast.
This is my first 5day fast. And it is uh
about 2:00 in the afternoon right now on
day one. And uh yeah, hopefully I'm
going to explain to you exactly all the
benefits that I feel, drawbacks, and how
it can help you improve your performance
or potentially just help you out overall
or at least why it's going to help me
out. All right, team. So, I'm doing a
fast, so 5 days. You might be like,
"That's a long time to not eat." So, I'm
going to explain to you exactly why I'm
doing it. First of all, I've had a bit
of a fascination with fasting or the
idea of fasting since I had a really
good friend of mine uh get diagnosed
with like stage 4 extremely rare brain
cancer. Uh like super terminal like kind
of pack your stuff, you're about to
leave. And he is an absolute [ __ ]
savage, this guy. Right. So, he's a
friend of mine from special operations.
He was in my unit, then he went over to
SASR. Um, he has a metal gallantry, I
think, star metal gallantry, which is
like the second or third highest that
you can get. Um, and he's an absolute
savage of a human being. And they told
him like, "Pack your stuff. You're going
to go." And he was like, "No, fam. I'm
good." And so what he did was he built
his way up to fasting for 1 day, 3 days,
5 days, 7 days, and then 10 days at a
time because he did a whole bunch of
research and they were like, "This
thing's going to die if you fast and
you're in keto all the time because it's
living off glycogen, yada yada yada."
I'm obviously not a doctor and I'm kind
of [ __ ] Have no idea what I'm
talking about. But I think like it was
incredible to see. And he literally
killed the cancer. Um, and he had
another guy at the same time that had
the same extremely rare cancer. Um, and
that guy did the same thing. and he
killed it too. And when he went to the
doctor, they were like not even
surprised. They were just like, "Yeah,
no, we knew that would work. That
combined with the chemo and everything."
And they were like, "Why don't you tell
everyone to do it?" And they go, "Oh,
mate, no one's doing that." You know,
like, "No one's doing that." He was
fasting for so long that he was having
seizures. Uh [snorts] 10 days of just
water is a hell of a fast. And so, um,
now I was in the army and I've got a
pretty banged up body, right? Uh, like
I've got tons of injuries and like
really inflamed gut. It's called war
belly. Like it's not an official
diagnosis or anything like that, but
like it's just sort of a thing that
people who go to war end up getting. Um,
and you know, my guts have been [ __ ]
for years. So, um, the other day or
maybe like 3 weeks ago, my wife was
like, "Hey, I'm going to do a fast. You
want to do it with me tomorrow?" I was
like, "Yeah, sweet." And I'm the type of
person that like the less notice I have,
the better of things. I just like to
kind of jump into stuff. And so [gasps]
I uh I was like, "Yeah, sweet. I'll I'll
do the fast." And I was like did one day
and then I was like, "Oh yeah, I feel
good. I'm going to keep going." So then
I did two days and I ended up doing
three days. Um and like my body felt 10
times better at the end of it. And I
actually had like insane mental acuity
and I could even like to the point where
I've got ADHD. I've had it since I was
like 12. I've been on medication since I
was about 12 on and off. Um, but I like
didn't really I I took way less of my
meds and I was like good to go and I
felt fantastic. All of my knees and
everything felt way way better and and
and my I've got like really bad wrists
and cuz I'm hyper mobile and I was like,
"Oh man, like this feels awesome." And I
was like hyper productive. Like I think
I shot like five YouTube videos in that
three days, which may not sound like a
lot, but YouTube videos like they take a
lot of planning. And um I also like
avoid shooting them. I don't know why.
I'm just still throw my things from. And
so I was like, you know, if I [ __ ]
around, I might as well find out what's
it like doing a 5day fast because like
three was fine. Let's see if five is uh
is any harder and if the benefits are
better. Obviously, I'm not just going to
stop eating my entire life, but I think
like a periodic fasting period is uh is
going to be pretty solid. So, right now,
I'm in day one. I'm about It's about two
o'clock in the afternoon. I'm outside
trying to get some uh trying to get some
sunlight and just shoot a video. And I
feel good. Like day one's always was the
hardest of the last one cuz then it's
like your body kind of going like, "But
you haven't eaten your breakfast and two
snacks and lunch yet." And so, uh we
just kind of power through that. I'm
someone that like if I don't have the
ability to like if I if I go gray area,
like if I'm like, "Okay, you could have
500 calories today." I would for sure
blow it out to 4,000. Um, but if I can
have nothing, I'm totally fine with
that. I'm like, that doesn't bother me.
Mentally, I find that far easier to deal
with. And so today, all I'm having is
like some black coffee and water.
Um, and like, you know, if I want
peppermint tea or something like that.
I've had like one coffee maybe I've had
I've had two black coffees and just a
bunch of water and then I'll probably
have some peppermint tea for dinner. Get
a little bit crazy with it. And uh yeah,
I feel really good actually. Um I've got
like rockus tennis elbow right now um
because we're in like a different bed
than usual because we're renovating our
house and so we're at we're at like a
service apartment and so that's [ __ ]
up my neck and everything like that. So
we're really hoping that the
inflammation levels just kind of drop
overall and then I can you know be in a
little bit less pain. the mental acuity
side is really really interesting
because like I last time I did the 3-day
fast I was hyperproductive and so I
really want to see what it does to my
productivity, what it does to my like
follow up, what it does to my sales game
and all that kind of good stuff because
like maybe some of like the the [ __ ]
down type stuff that you get to feel
every now and then. A lot of it's just
because like it's so hard to eat super
clean in this society that we're in,
maybe giving my guts a bit of a rest and
getting my brain burning those ketones
>> [snorts]
>> uh will have a a massively positive
benefit. So, uh, like I said, this is
day one. Uh, that's the reason why I'm
doing it. And, uh, yeah, I will give you
updates and this video will be all five
days. So, you know, if I come here
crying, I'm open by day four. I
shouldn't have I shouldn't have done it.
Then, um, I guess we'll know how how I
feel. But, uh, yeah. Anyway, that's day
one. All right. Fast video day two. So,
it's now been 48 hours since I've had
any food. So, this is like getting close
to the end of day two. It's about like
nearly 7:00 p.m. Um, and I haven't eaten
since about 7:00 p.m. Sunday and 7:00
p.m. Tuesday. Uh, we just got back from
the house. We're doing the renovations
at the moment. I I'm doing a full like
in-depth renovations video. Probably
take like 4 months to film and edit, but
that'll be kind of cool. I don't if
you're not interested, whatever, but I
think it'll be fun to to shoot. And uh,
I'm going to give like a just a summary
of how I'm feeling. So, this is like I'm
the peak hungry. I am the hungriest I've
been. Um like and I'm uncomfortable at
the moment. My mouth tastes horrible
because I'm in such strong ketosis. Uh
but like mental clarity is super high.
Uh one of the interesting things like
today I locked in all day. So I had
meetings from roughly 6:45 a.m. is when
I started. uh did a podcast in the
morning and then I had like sales calls
and I had sales trainings, meetings,
stuff like that. And then I had uh like
about four hours where I was just kind
of doing stuff and usually like I I I
struggle with those times like I'm a
hard worker but like I struggle to stay
on task. I'm always working but like I
I'll like kind of shift from task to
task cuz I have ADHD. Um and so but when
I'm fasting like I'm [ __ ] locked in.
Uh like I'm rebuilding my entire YouTube
membership on Patreon and today I like I
like almost rebuilt the entire program
today and I got like tons of stuff done
and I just never I never felt like I
wasn't on task or on point and I felt
like I had real mental clarity and I
took less of my ADHD meds than what I
usually do. I know people like you don't
need it. It's like no like I've been
I've had that for a long time. I did a
long time without it long time with it.
It definitely helps me a significant
amount. Um because I don't have like the
fun Tik Tok ADHD. I have like the one
that is kind of annoying. Um but it's an
interesting thing when you're kind of
like physically uncomfortable but
mentally super dialed in. And I think
I'm going to try and figure out a way
that I can like incorporate more
fasting. Maybe it's intermittent
fasting. Maybe it's like days of no like
a day and a half of no eating. You know
what I mean? or like I don't eat on
Mondays or something like that because I
really do feel like extremely clear and
locked in at the moment. And having done
some research on some YouTube videos and
stuff like that, like the burning of the
ketones is is supposed to be a big part
of that. Like the ketones kind of, you
know, help break up the clock in the
brain and they just get rid of brain fog
and stuff like that. I'll be interested
to see how I feel tomorrow. I've done a
three-day before. I've never gone
further than that. On the third day,
like you start to reintroduce food. So
like on the like I had I had food
starting at like you know sort of midday
on the third day I had like an apple etc
etc but this time I'm going like I'm
reintroducing food on the Monday but I'm
doing like bone broth. So I reintroduced
on day five but I'm doing like bone
broth and then a couple other things. Um
[snorts]
you know like today I had like sales
call with Carton Ventures went very very
well was like call five I think. Co yeah
five. Um, it looks like that's locked in
moving forward. Uh, did some development
stuff and and uh did some JV stuff with
Ed Strengths the Moto Genius because
he's built a full amazing HubSpot
integration with Dialer, which is
awesome. So, looking at how we can help
roll that out to clients, which is
great. Um, and just overall felt great
all day. Like I was like hungry, a bit
uncomfortable all day in that way, but
just mentally like insanely sharp. And
like usually around this time like a
little bit tired and you know feeling a
bit meh towards the end of the day. Um
you know after like a long day cuz I've
been going for over 12 hours now. But
like man I'm locked in and like I've had
way less coffee than normal. Um I'm sort
of I'm not drinking my usual. I usually
have like an almond latte. I'm just
having like a coffee tea bag and I've
only had two and the other ones have
been like peppermint tea and water.
That's all I've had. And uh yeah it's
like a really interesting unique
feeling. if I was on like I was on sales
calls today. I had three and uh yeah,
man. Dialed in. So, I don't know. I'm
going to keep going with this. Right
now, I feel really good. I am physically
uncomfortable. This is like I'm super
hungry right now. Like, I could eat the
asset of a low-flying duck. Um but
overall, like I I like this. This is
something that I could do somewhat
regularly. I'm kind of an extremist, so
I do kind of tend to go overboard with
things. Like once I do the five, I'm
like, what happens if I do a 10? You
know what I mean? But that's probably
not great. Um, but yeah, so I'll uh keep
you updated on my day three. All right,
team. So, it's 1:15 on day three. I feel
like garbage.
I am uh level 10 struggle street right
now.
Uh I just finished physio because like
we're in I'm in a new bed because of the
uh the renovations and like because I'm
like I'm super bendy. like I'm hyper
mobile. I'll show you.
>> Hey guys, what's up? Matt here and I've
noticed that a lot of you are not
subscribed. So, what I want you to do is
like go over and hit the little
subscription like the kind of content
that I do and you're like, "Hey, how can
I get similar content but pay for it?"
Then I have a membership. You can go
over and join that at any stage that you
want. It's like $49 a month up to about
$200 a month and we do like live Q&As's.
We have a coaching call nearly every
single day and there's like well over
100 videos and I upload like sort of
private trainings and stuff that I do
all the time. So if you want to check
that out, go for it. Uh you know, sign
up through YouTube, cancel anytime, all
that kind of good stuff. And anyway,
back to the video. Bye. Uh
[clears throat] I can again I'm super
super bendy. Which means that like I
then if you know my life isn't set up
properly, that causes all kinds of
problems. which meant that I could throw
a ball really far and really fast when I
was younger and all that kind of stuff.
But um as you get older, it becomes a
total [ __ ] nightmare. But so cuz
we're on a new bed anyway, it's like
[ __ ] my arm and I've got like Rockus
tennis elbow and golfers even though I
don't golf or play tennis. So there you
go. Um but getting that fixed up, but
I've got like this mad headache right
here. Um work has still been fine. Like
it hasn't really affected me that way.
It's just more like I'm [ __ ]
miserable.
Uh, day three, I watched a bunch of
stuff said day two is the worst. Then I
just I watched a bunch of stuff saying
day three is the worst. I'm sure day
four I'll find stuff that says day four
is the worst. Um, but yeah, we'll see
how we go. Hopefully this is like I'm
getting over the hump. Um, because I am
I'm propping the locker, but my arm and
all the injuries like are feeling
better. So I think inflammatory wise
like feeling fantastic. So outside of
like me my having a headache and like
getting puffed walking anywhere um like
I'm not in any pain except for like that
stuff but that's all better. It's
getting better anyway. So I think like
the usual kind of back pain that I have
and all that kind of [ __ ] is not there
right now which is fantastic. Um, and so
the the plan is like keep this going
obviously today, tomorrow, and on day
five reintroduce like bone broth and
like some real small stuff and then kind
of reintroduce food over the course of a
while. And then the plan is to stick
like pretty clean, like very clean for
like a good month. Um, and then kind of
see if I can do a bit of a reset on the
old back and uh just body in general
after like moving house and traveling.
Like I went I think I did like eight
international trips this year or
something like that. So I'm crazy
and you know we got a lot of stuff
coming up Christmas all that kind of
stuff and Der's kind of crazy and my
membership's gone crazy. So um yeah, by
this is a grenadier. I don't know if
I've ever shown you guys this. This is
my Grenadier. I [ __ ] love it. It's uh
it's really dope, right?
It's uh it's very cool car. The history
of this car is like it was um some
billionaire when they did the new the
new Defender. Some guy was like that's
gay and as it cuz it is. And the guy was
a billionaire. So like this is a story
of why it's good to be a billionaire in
case you guys didn't think it was.
But he was like, "Well, I I want to do
that." And so he was like, "Well, give
me the right to the defender and I'll
make my own." and they were like, "Nah,
fam." And so he sued them and like won
and then he made this dope ass thing. So
it's like it's like a pretty crazy car.
It's got like off-road wise like I used
I got I love off-roading. I used to do
it all the time in the army and stuff
like that. This thing's a [ __ ]
monster. Like you cannot bog it. It's
you can spray the whole thing down. Like
I've had really expensive sports cars
and all that kind of stuff. I like this
car more because like it's just
impossible to destroy. And like uh if
you've ever had like a sports car with
22-in rims and stuff like that, you
know, like little rubber bands for
things like you're buying new it's just
a hassle. Whereas this thing could
survive a [ __ ] nuke. Uh also like
it's usually packed out good to go for
like apocalypse because like I don't
mind me a bit of prepping if you know
what I mean. And so it's usually fully
kitted out, good to go. I got go bags. I
got the whole thing cuz why not? I like
my family. Um and we can just chuck
stuff in the car. Go. I got a tent on
the roof. It's dope. Super comfortable.
Um, I got like power supplies. This
thing can go forever. Um, and there's
like no terrain this thing can't just
destroy. Uh, we I took it up before
driving for like a week with the family
and it was amazing. And that's going to
be like a yearly trip for us up in
Fraser Island. So yeah, none of that is
to do with fasting, but the less I think
about fasting, the happier I am because
it's one of those things where like
it sucks every part of it. But like in
the Bible talks about fasting a lot,
right? Because fasting is one of the
thing, one of the benefits of fasting is
like it it grounds you
in being
like a person and realizing that you
feed yourself both physically, mentally,
emotionally with lots of unnecessary
stuff. And so, you know, it it's
supposed to like, you know, it does all
the stuff that I've talked about
healthwise, but also one of the things
is like if you then meditate, you know,
one of the aims is to bring you closer
to God. Um, which I'm trying to do these
days. you know, tonight I'm going to do
some good quality just thinking trying
to be with the big guy. So, that's the
plan for tonight. Um, and hopefully the
fact that I'm wanting and without
is a good space to be humble and uh,
you know, have a good have a good chat
with the big guy, which is the plan.
So, yeah. So anyway, I'll let you know
how I go on day four or if I'm like
rockishly bent over dying from keto flu
later on today. I'll uh I'll let you
know. All right, so it's now 6:30 at
night uh on day four of the fast. So day
one was okay. Day two was pretty rough.
Uh so the night of day two was very
rough. Um, which I've done. It's funny
because last time I did a three-day
fast, like it didn't happen, but this
time it did. But this time it's like
just water basically. So maybe that's
why. Um, day three like but day two I
had like mad mental clarity. Like I felt
like a [ __ ] killer. And the night
time I was like shivering and dying. Day
three I had absolutely no energy. Like
negative energy. I still worked fine.
Like I sat down and it's actually been
quite weird because I'm not eating. I
like and we're in a like a we're in like
a service department hotel type thing. I
haven't left the house all day. It's
6:30 at night and because we're in a
hotel, I went out to get like a mattress
topper thing and to swing by the new
house and check the pool. Um cuz it
[ __ ] leaves. But it's interesting. I
literally, I say literally, started work
at like 6:45, 7:00
and
I didn't leave the house until 6:30. And
I did that like all three days. So,
which is unusual cuz usually I'll go out
and get a coffee and I'll go do this and
I'll go for a little wander like around
my area because like the the going out
to get a coffee is like I have a little
break. I'll go out walk to the cafe, get
a coffee. It's like a whole thing
because I'm not doing that. I'm not
having any food. I'm just working. Like,
so my new YouTube membership that I'm
building out on Patreon is basically
done in 3 days. Uh, in my sort of in
between time, I built an entire like
everything like super comprehensive.
Um, uploaded, done, which is pretty
dope. So, I'll be bringing that out
pretty soon. Probably around the same
time as this video actually. But yeah,
so day day four was pretty okay
actually. It was sort of fine. Still
like not a ton of energy like uh but I
don't feel bad and the nights are the
night is a bit better. Like in the
morning it's a bit rough but day four
today was fine. I was pretty locked in
all day. It was sort of similar to day
two in that way. Again, not really that
hungry. Um at the moment I'm pretty
fine. Um,
I have like no pain in like the usual
places that I have pain, which is pretty
wild cuz like I have some serious
injuries from the military. Um,
and tomorrow, like tomorrow the plan is
have bone broth in the morning, uh, and
maybe an egg and then like probably have
like 500 calories tomorrow.
Uh and then from there have like maybe
1,000 calories on Saturday, 1,000
calories on Sunday or something like
that. Maybe just like one meal on
Sunday. So uh but yeah, so anyway,
that's that's day four. It's pretty
interesting. Uh if you never done it,
give it a try. This is advice in any
way, shape, or form, but it's pretty
interesting. I've definitely like
noticed that I'm much more present in my
body. I've definitely noticed that I
have a much higher sense of like mental
acuity and focus than what I do
day-to-day. I've noticed that I'm in
much less pain as a 41-year-old ex
special forces guy than what I usually
am. Um, and overall like it's not
terrible and it's difficult and I kind
of like [ __ ] around and doing
difficult things. Like I kind of like
it. I can see myself torturing myself
like this on a semi-regular basis. Maybe
like three, four times a year. I can see
myself like once a quarter just say [ __ ]
you Matt and just like not eat for five
days like yeah was supposed to be really
good for cancer fighting and stuff like
that. So anyway, I'll going to go I'll
do obviously the recap on day five um
and kind of see how I went and all that
kind of stuff and introducing food and
see if I [ __ ] myself. You never know, it
might happen, right? But overall like
mental clarity and work, [ __ ] I've been
getting after it. I have worked my ass
off this last week. I have gotten so
much done it's not even funny. I've made
a ton of big sales. I have
um like rebuilt a membership, done all
my coaching calls that I do. I've built
out some new [ __ ] I've like filmed like
five YouTube videos, which is like a
crazy amount for me to film in a week
because I hate filming them. Um I've
just been on point. So yeah, brain fog
lifted. Feel good.
Anyway, that's faster. All righty. So,
it's day five of the fast. Um, I'm
actually just about to break it. I've
got my uh my tennis elbow. I'm just
icing it at the moment. But, uh, so it
is what, like 10:00 a.m., something like
that. So, I'm just going to have, uh,
some hard boiled eggs. You got to keep
it like real chill because you can
really do yourself a bit of a mischief
if you, uh, just go straight back into
eating. So, I probably won't have a full
meal for like another day or two.
I would say Sunday will be like my first
full meal. So, like I think what I'm
going to have is this and then I'll have
like a small steak, like grass-fed
organic steak for lunch and then uh
might have dinner, I might not. I'll
just see how I feel to see how my guts
are going cuz like your your stomach
hasn't done anything for 5 days and so
like you have to reintroduce quite quite
carefully. Uh last night I had some bone
broth and I'll probably have bone broth
like all throughout today because it's
got tons of like amino acids and all
kinds of really good stuff in it.
[snorts] Um yeah, you just kind of drink
it like you do a coffee, right? Like
it's just put a little bit of bone broth
in there and drink it up. So it's
actually quite good. Tastes like a like
a stock really.
And so I'm going to do a couple more
videos because I want to see kind of how
I feel on the subsequent days cuz like
the refeeds apparently can make you feel
quite good. Um, overall like uh today I
feel fine. Like I didn't really think
about eating. Like it was kind of funny.
Like it's 10:00 a.m. Um, I started work
at I think 6:30
and um I had didn't consider eating or
having a coffee which is really really
odd for me. Usually it's the first thing
I do when I get up, but I just had
water. Um, and so I feel like far less
reliant on coffee and I'm going to have
much less coffee moving forward. I'll
probably have like one to two a day
moving forward just cuz I think I feel
much better. My guts are much better. Um
because coffee just kind of goes
straight through you. And yeah, overall
I feel very good. I'm I'm I'm I'm sort
of a little bit hungry again because I
haven't eaten for 5 days. But I think
that what I'll do is probably do this
two to three times a year. It feels like
a good length. I didn't like the 3-day
one was fine, but I feel like you're
better off just doing a five. The next
one I do might be a seven because I'll
see the difference between a three, a
five, and a seven. And then from there,
I can kind of like tell which one works
better. Maybe I do like two to three
sevens a year or two to three fives a
year. But I just kind of see how I feel.
I feel like to to be honest, like if I
didn't eat today, I would I couldn't be
[ __ ] Like it doesn't matter. It's an
odd thing to say. But I could easily go
seven now. I I feel like that at the
moment. Like this food like I'm not
interested in eating it. I like I'm
going to eat it because I'm like slowly
breaking the fast. And a 5day fast is
like eating [ __ ] all for seven days. And
a 7-day fast is really eating [ __ ] all
for 9 days. Um but I could easily go
another two. like that wouldn't bother
me at all. Um, so yeah, very
interesting. Like I think mentally feel
much sharper than usual. Uh, again like
my medication use is like significantly
down which is very interesting because
I've had ADHD since I was diagnosed when
I was like 12. Um, that's very
interesting to me. Like that's a I
didn't think that that would happen but
like my need for it is significantly
reduced which is probably just because
like the amount of crap food that we
have these days and I eat well too. like
the just the crap food that we have is
just so laden with [ __ ] that it just
does stuff to you. Um so you know
there's that. I think also like was
having too much coffee, not drinking
enough water. I like forget to drink
water. I'm just one of those people. Um
and then I'll just like chug a liter.
[laughter]
Um yeah, overall I would say I feel
great. What I didn't like is smelling
like [ __ ] because you just smell
terrible when you're fasting because
you're in such deep ketosis that like
fat is seeping out of you everywhere and
like you have this horrible taste in
your mouth the entire time. Um so yeah,
but overall been a really pleasant
experience. I'll kind of do a couple
more videos today and tomorrow and the
next day. Um tomorrow is obviously
Saturday, so like usually we have like a
routine so that's obviously going to
kind of like mess with me. I think doing
it Monday to Friday is is quite good. Um
and then we have like a church thing on
Sunday which is like a big lunch. So,
I'll be going to that and I'll be having
I'll be I'm going to be very careful
with my food. And then my plan is to
sort of stick to relatively
like low carb, quite clean, high protein
for like the next 3 weeks after this and
just kind of like do a bit of a reset,
get the body back in a place that I'm
happy with just like like feeling
physically because I have a lot less
injuries now and I have a lot of
injuries from the military, like a lot.
Um, and so uh this has been a very very
pleasant experience. But yeah, I'll uh
I'll see how we go throughout the rest
of the day and doing the refeeds and see
how my guts go. But overall, like my
[snorts] brain is working right now,
which is good. So, here's the wrap-up of
the fast. Overall, I think it was a
very, very positive experience, and I'll
definitely be doing it again. I think I
will try a 7-day fast because I do like
to [ __ ] around and find out a little
bit. Um, I think overall benefits were
mental clarity was insane. physical like
how you're feeling. I would say most of
the time it was totally fine. There were
parts of it that were pretty like I
guess physically taxing. Um and I just
kind of felt like [ __ ] but I think as
an overall I actually felt quite good.
One of the interesting things was like I
did the research on how to reintroduce
food and I don't think I did it right. I
didn't [clears throat] do it wrong, but
I don't think I did like optimally. And
I had a little bit too much food on the
reintroduction day. Uh, and I was [ __ ]
for like 3 or 4 hours. I was like not
feeling well at all. I was feeling
nauseous. I like felt just kind of [ __ ]
the whole time. The other interesting
thing is I've eaten super clean since
and like I'm getting heartburn from
anything that's not clean basically
instantaneously, which is odd for me. I
do get a little bit of Harbin at night
sometimes, but I never get it during the
day. Um, but I have like pre-prepared
meals
and like one of those was a massive beef
curry. It's quite a fatty meal, but it's
healthy, but it's got lots of fat in it.
And I had one bite in a media was like,
"Nope, not having that." And I I went
and had an apple instead. So, I think
like the reintroduction phase, it this
is uh it's the it's the 4th of November
that I'm saying this. I think I finished
on uh the 31st. This is like four full
days since I finished and I'm not eating
as much as I was. My sweet tooth is
significantly reduced. My requirement
for coffee is significantly reduced. I
have cut out coffee before and it was a
huge net positive, but I'm not a
quitter. So, you know, I keep going with
things. Um,
overall like back pain, standard kind of
41year-old exs soldier stuff is reduced
overall. my tennis elbow. I got physio,
so I don't want to give it all to that.
However, the in just overall
inflammation levels significantly
reduced. [snorts] Uh, but I think the
best thing by far was insane mental
clarity. Like to the point where I felt
like I really didn't have to take my
ADHD meds. Um, I know I've said this
throughout the video before, but like I
don't have the pretend fun kind. I have
like the literal kind where, you know,
it it affects my life on a daily basis.
Um, and I just felt like I couldn't I I
still took it, but it was like reduced
with longer periods. So, you know, maybe
the met my metabol the way I metabolized
it was much slower, which is actually a
good thing and not like cuz I have a
very fast metabolism for it. Um and and
I would say like
um I think I could figure out a world
where I could take less of it. And uh I
I think the system would be like low
carb dinner to sort of induce that you
know ketosis or you know burning more
ketones. So like somewhat lowish carb,
not like crazy low carb cuz I lift and
do all that kind of stuff, but lower
carb throughout the throughout the day
in general like veggies and reducing
complex carbohydrates.
Uh and then having like a low carb
dinner. Uh so maybe your carbs are at
lunch type thing and then intermittent
fasting and not eating till lunch. So
like first meal of the day, lunch
and then you know some snacks or
whatever, lowish carb dinner. stop
eating at like 8, don't eat again till
12:00. I think that if I get into a
rhythm of that, I think I could like I
would have amazing mental clarity in the
morning and then maybe not even have
coffee in the morning or maybe like wait
a little bit, buffer it out, maybe have
like a green tea or something like that.
Um, but I reckon that would be like
ideal for me. Now, I'm going to
experiment a little bit with that
because the mental clarity in the
morning for me is a big one. Like I get
brain fog in the morning and I notice it
cuz like I struggle to kind of like it
takes me like 20 30 minutes to like kick
my brain into drive to where I can like
eloquently and adequately produce a
level of sentence that I need to if I'm
coaching or doing a video or whatever.
And so [snorts]
um I feel like that would be a huge
benefit. And I feel like with the mental
clarity that I had when I was like
full-blown ketosis and like hardcore in
the middle of the fast, especially like
day two and three, um I feel like even
like I feel like as a beginner sales
rep, you could bang out like six
coursees back to back. And I would never
say that, but with that much mental
clarity and mental stamina, man, you
could smash it out. Like it was the day
was effortless. So,
you know, that's cool. Um, if you guys
like this kind of different content,
tell me in the comments. If you don't,
tell me. I always like a fight. Um,
but yeah, anyway, interesting results. I
think overall, like I lost some weight
myself, so but I feel better. I feel a
bit leaner. Um, overall feel much
healthier after and during. And I think
this will be a regular
