I went from being terrible at sales to making over $100,000 in pure commission, but the biggest breakthrough wasn't learning what to say on the call, it was learning what to do before the call even started. Most sales reps think that a sale is done on the call, but [music] after training reps in over 150 different industries and growing multiple eight-figure businesses myself, I learned that the sale is made before you even pick up the phone.
In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to set up your sales process so that a sale becomes inevitable. The methodology that works across any industry, and I'm going to show you how to align your sales and your marketing so that prospects just come in pre-qualified. When you do the things in this video correctly, a prospect doesn't feel like they're being sold to, it just feels like the obvious choice.
All right, so what do you do in a sales process in order to actually make your life easier so that you don't have to be an absolute weapon or a ninja on the call at all times. If you're a business owner watching this, you don't want to have to have a team full of unicorn closers because it just don't really exist, or at least there's not stables of unicorns out there.
So, I'm going to teach you some step-by-step processes that you can do in order to make your life easy, okay? So, first of all, how do we make sales easy? The first thing is like you have to determine what type of sales process you actually have. So, if we go down here, what we see um is we see that we have basically a qualification process or a disqualification process, okay? So, lead is over here, sale is over here.
All right? And then we either qualify all the leads this way, so we're going to qualify them, so we're going to push as many leads through to the sales process as possible, and then we hand over uh to the M to the SQL side, and then we're going to disqualify as many people out as we can, okay? Which is going to result in a lower sales process because we're pushing people a a lower close rate, sorry, because we're pushing people out, right? We will have more sales calls, but we will not push them all through the final
call, or we will disqualify them, resulting in a lower close rate from the amount of total sales calls that we have. Or in our marketing process, we're we're we're DQ'ing people, so we're disqualifying people. So, that means that like you have very clear call outs, so you're like, "Hey, if you're a business that's making $30,000 a month or more and does high-volume outbound, right? And you have opt-in leads, then DialerIO is right for you.
" So, we're pushing people out, like we're going for a very very specific avatar here, okay? Then from there, that's going to result in less sales calls, but you're going to try and sell all of them, but you'll have a higher close rate. So, that's really really important to understand. The methodology that you choose is going to play an enormous role in the type of sales process you have.
Now, this can be an organic thing that changes over time. However, you want to sort of know what you're doing intentionally and not just have a decent sort of random byproduct of you just kind of like [ __ ] around and just being kind of a useless business owner or salesperson overall, okay? So, we've got MQL to SQL, and the thesis of how you're going to do that is really important, right? So, marketing qualified leads, sales qualified leads.
Are we like doing lead magnets and then we're just trying to like DQ everybody to the point where we only have like really really good people at the end, and then we're going to try and sell everybody cuz they're all perfect leads, so we should have a really good close rate because we've DQ'd everyone that isn't really good.
Now, if we have the other style of marketing where we're just pumping everybody through, like everybody's in, we're pushing everyone towards that, okay? Then it's like, okay, then we're going to have a lower close rate, but we're going to have a lot of calls, all right? And this is where you're trying to sort of measure that up.
Now, your lead cost is going to have a lot to do with this, and at the end of it, I'm going to show you the opportunity versus quantity and how you figure that out and how you can actually grade it um and a bunch of different strategies that you can use in order to sort of optimize for that, all right? But first things first, you have to figure out what type of sales process do you actually have? Now, the next thing is like what's another thing that we can optimize for? Now, it shows versus people who do not show up.
I've see a lot of uh reps, a lot of businesses doing correctly is that they are just saying shows and no shows, I have a 50% no show rate. But like, I seriously doubt that 50% of the leads that you book just don't show with any they just don't show. Now, they might reschedule or cancel or no show, and we need to figure that out, right? So, if we have a look at like no show, cancellation, reschedule, and which one's actually the problem.
Now, for no shows, all the time it's for it's like either too many reminders and not enough, it's bad times, okay? So, I'll give you an example when we go into reschedule, but I can I'll give you an example about that in a minute. And then you've got booked too far out. These are common reasons why you would have a lot of no shows.
So, what you can do is you can just see how many reminders are we sending? Are the reminders turned on? You'd be shocked about how often the reminders are just accidentally turned off, okay? Um and that's just going to cause people to no show by pure mistake. Now, bad times uh are very niche dependent, okay? Uh and I'll go through it in a second.
And booked too far out, if you book someone 2 weeks out, they're probably just going to forget. Now, cancellations, like online reputation plays a really large role, right? So, if I go um into Safari, okay? And I'm going to have a look at if you search me up, okay? I didn't curate this, it's just my name.
These are all pretty solid, there's obviously other Matt Ryders out there, okay? These are all fairly solid, it's just like my social media video, like you sort of have to uh it's not that easy to find any really negative [ __ ] about me. I'm really not mentioned on Reddit that much. Now, I don't have a gigantic profile, but it's big enough to where like if there were serious problems, they'd be there.
Whereas like this is someone, for example, um where you're going to where you can find a lot of like shitty things, okay? I'm not saying whether they're true or not. However, like when you have this sort of stuff, okay? And you can go on and you can see like either what's clearly sort of like curated fake stuff where you can see this, like Reddit outranks a lot of people, and if you go through Reddit, all of a sudden you start going through the Reddit hole, and then like it's very easy for people just to cancel, okay? So, like a bad online reputation, like
if you have like tons of videos that are outranking you, if people are talking about how bad you are and it's ranking as well as what you talking about how good you are, that's a real [ __ ] problem, and it causes a high cancellation rate. The other one is like times, right? And times are a common theme here, but online reputation is a big one, all right? Uh for cancellations specifically.
Now, reschedules are again times, right? So, times are playing an enormous role, and I'm going to break that down. So, the first thing I want to do is like which one is the real issue? Is it reschedule, cancellations, or no shows? Because like we want to solve one problem at a time. If this is like 25%, this is like 30, you know, this is 40%, and this is 15%, right? It's like, you know what I mean? Of the actual total calls, right? It's like, okay, cool, then we're going to go after this one, you know what I mean? There's a lots of strategies that you can then employ. You
can go, "Okay, cool, let's put out a bunch of videos that outrank for those specific words. Let's do it like a Trustpilot campaign for our clients. Let's use some Google stuff, yada yada yada, right?" So, there's all sorts of things that you can do. Same for reschedules, like no shows, etc., etc. You can create a plan that's specific to solve that one problem.
Instead of like going through and trying to redo your entire sort of show-up process, you're not really solving the problem then, you're just sort of blanketing everything together, which isn't that helpful. Now, removing bad times and recalculate is essential. So, if you sell uh women, for example, and your demographic is moms, and you are booking in a lot of people, let's just say you've got 10 spots per day, or let's go let's go with like 20 spots per day, and you've got four closers, so they're doing five a day each, but like
a lot of them they're all concentrated in like let's just say like in the p.m. you've got 12, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, right? And let's just say basically there's a like it's concentrated here, okay? Now, if you're selling moms, okay? These like these two slots especially are likely to be very very heavy no show time, right? So, let's just say in this hour you've got a a 30 a a 60% show rate, 70%, 80%, and these ones you've got a 30% show-up rate, okay? Now, this is heavily this is like 40% of your overall time. So, if 40% of your
calls are no showing at 30%, it's going to significantly drop the overall close rate. Let's just say that's it's at 60%. If you remove that, it might be at 70. Okay? Like so, now you're like, "Well, do we actually have a problem, or is it just that we need to get rid of this, add an extra hour here, and then maybe add an hour down here?" This is how like non-retarded people solve problems, right? So, if you're not doing this, chances are you're [ __ ] Comment to [ __ ] down below if you're not doing this, okay? So, [snorts] like
I want to remove like the ridiculous times. Like if you sell trades people, if Thursday afternoon is when they get paid, maybe that Thursday afternoon nobody shows up from 3:00 to 8:00, it's like 10% show rate on Thursdays, right? You're looking at the entire week or the entire month or whatever, you're not looking at it day by day.
That tanks everything. You might just have one day that's [ __ ] garbage. Like why are we solving that problem? Just [ __ ] do all your team meetings, go to the gym, like try and stack everything into those hours where nobody [ __ ] shows up. So, once you recalculate, you might go, "Okay, if we take out those times, or maybe there's one individual that always has a super high no show rate.
" Chances are he's like having the calls and marking them as no show because like they don't want to um have a go on their data or something like that, right? They're [ __ ] around. Try and find some [ __ ] in there. Then from there, you you have a better opportunity to be able to see what the real data is. Then you can go through and fix it.
When it comes to like the opportunity versus the quantity, which I said earlier, right? So, like you you want to sort of maximize, right? If we go back to this area here, leads and sales, we want to maximize sales. So, are we pushing people out, or are we pushing people in, right? And when do we do that kind of stuff? Now, the overall goal should be to be full of the best leads available, right? But be full is very important, right? Like I'd rather have a 1% chance of selling someone than a 100% chance of not making a sale. So, even if we go
back to here, like just fill them up and then [ __ ] as long as you know what problem you're solving and you can try and move this [ __ ] around later on, but you want everyone to be full, okay? So, we have slot utilization. If I have 100 call slots available and 70 of them are sat, it's a 70% slot utilization rate, okay? And then what we might want to do is have some qualifiers which goes back to here.
Like what are the qualifiers, okay? Or like really like what are the disqualifiers, you know what I mean? So, let's just say we're using financial. We might have three different levels. If I'm getting like 10,000 leads, right? For a month, I might have like qualification A. If I have 15,000 leads for the month, I might have qualification B.
And 20 thousand leads for the month, I might have qualification C. Qualification A might might be like, "Hey, there is an investment required for this? Like do you have any financial means to solve that problem?" B might be like, "Hey, there's a five-figure investment involved in potentially being able to solve that.
Like is that something in which if this made sense, you could you could get access to?" And C might be like, "This is going to be $11,000. We only have a one or a two pay. If that's not something that's realistic even if it was able to solve the problem, like uh are you able to come up with that or like, you know, would you have that money, right? This is like a super harsh, very clear.
Now, what that's going to do is it's going to push everybody out, right? But if you have a ton of opportunity, then you're fine because again, we want to be full of as many of the leads as possible. So, like if we have an abundance, like if we have half the lead flow, we're going to be much lighter, right? We're going to be much easier.
It's going to be easier to get onto a sales call. And what you want to do is you want to have these these answers or these questions need to be laid out very specifically for your sitting team or for yourself, right? Or for however it is you do it. But you want to have a very intentional way of going, "Hey, enact C, enact B, enact A.
" That way it's very controlled and it's never random and it's not just like, "Hey today, guys, I go a bit harsher on the qualifier." Like that's [ __ ] stupid. No one knows what to do. No one knows how to do that. You have to be nice and specific about it. And if you do this, you're basically going to put yourself in a position to where you can dictate who gets through and who doesn't.
So, you'll know if your close rate's going to be higher or lower and then you're not chasing your tail and like going into like, "My mindset, okay?" I can double every sales team on the planet right now, guaranteed. I just make it super difficult to get on the sales call. It's nothing special, right? Like that's not a skill set.
It's just make it harder to get on the sales call, your close rate doubles. Now, you might make half the sales. So, who the [ __ ] cares? But like the principle stands, you have a lot of control over the close rate as a sales rep or a business owner just by determining who gets on your calendar.
And then the real artwork is balancing the opportunity and that sort of quantity to be in equilibrium and then knowing the choices that you're making and having to be intentional. Otherwise, you just end up kind of running around thinking that you're in slumps or that you're killing it and then everything's emotion and it's just a [ __ ] garbage system.
Let me know if that helps, guys. Comment down below what you got out of this and if you have been [ __ ] for the last 10 years, this is the first time you're like, "Whoa, that's [ __ ] genius." It's really not. It's just pure common sense. Um you know, and go out and do the work. All right, kids. Bye.
