I'm giving away 20,000 US dollars and in this video I'm going to tell you exactly how you can take part in that, what you would have to do to win it, and most importantly why I've decided to do it. Hi, my name is Matt. I was a seven-figure earning sales rep. I've grown three businesses to eight figures. I currently am scaling my own software company to over $500,000 per month and we got there in about a year and a half without really having to do any advertising called dollar.
io and I also have a low-ticket sales training called F the Gurus. The school and community [music] is linked down below and that is where I'm going to be giving away 20,000 dollars. What I'm going to do is I'm going to give you an overview of exactly how you can be a part of that. So, I'm going to give you the three steps and hopefully you'll have a bit of an insight [music] into why I'm doing this cuz it seems kind of crazy.
So, step one is you have to join the school group. Step two is do the required actions and step three is win. That's all you have to do. That's how you win 20,000 bucks. But like why am I doing it? Okay, it seems like kind of a crazy thing to do. Well, I'm going to tell you why I'm deciding to do this giveaway and then I think that it'll make sense.
So, what I'm really sick and tired of is seeing gurus tell people that with very little effort, time, energy, or skill they can get to 50 grand a month in commissions and that's just patently untrue and false. Can they get to 50K a month? Yes. Is that possible? Yes. But like it's a load of [ __ ] the way that they position it and I think that that is both fake and gay.
It's both of those things combined. Most of these sales coaches were like average reps and I can say that categorically because like I have either employed or trained a lot of them. So, I guess you can kind of blame me for that. Um but like most of them I would barely even consider hiring again, let alone like one endorsing their training or two like a like saying that they should be a trainer or coach.
Some of them were like moderately good sales reps, but that doesn't make you a good coach. A coach is a very specific thing. So, these guys that they charge $10,000 to be in a group and then you're in a group kind of full of retards and they're one of those retards. >> I'll be honest with you. I I'm kind of [ __ ] >> And then they start you start getting asked questions or you start asking questions to the coach, right? And they give you like vanity-based questions or they give you vanity-based answers that make them sound smart, but really don't
give you any valuable feedback. If you're getting multiple pieces of feedback on a call like if someone's like do this, do this, do this, do this, do this, like they don't know what they're doing because you would never coach someone and give them multiple pieces of feedback because then you never know what actually works, okay? And that's not me saying that these people shouldn't have a business.
That's not me doing any of that. Like whatever go do you think I couldn't give a [ __ ] It doesn't really affect me. But like charging $10,000 to be in a room full of retards just asking stupid questions while a coach gives like vanity-based feedback. And what I mean by that is they answer the question always.
Like, "What do I do when someone says this?" And they give you the answer. Like you can't give an answer to that because you don't have any of the context or pretext. You you also like it's probably not very beneficial to give someone an answer to that. Like it just means that you're a bad coach in my opinion.
You should be asking like well you should there's a lot more questions, but what they do is they just spit you back word tracks because it sounds fancy, makes them sound smart. Like those [ __ ] I'll give you 10 seconds to handle 10 objections. It's like this [ __ ] game. I'm not playing this stupidity game, right? That is why I launched [ __ ] the Gurus because like it's 25 sessions per week with good quality sales coaches and it works out to be around the same cost as like it's anywhere from $15.
90 to $45 per week. You couldn't feed a [ __ ] pygmy goat for that. Trust me, I've looked it up. The feeding of [ __ ] pygmy goat game skyrocketed inflation. I don't know. I blame Obama. But you can get sales training and that's good, I guess. You can also win 20,000 bucks. So, this is where this all comes into play, all right? So, the $20,000 competition is going to run over three weeks and starts I think May 18th, okay? USA freedom time, okay? And uh I'm going to give you now the exact things that you have to do. So, this
series contest going to be $20,000. It'll either be $20,000 to the winner straight up or there'll be three prizes ranging from like $14,911.69. But all that stuff will be announced at at the opening, which is May 18th. So, on that session everyone who wants to be a part of it will be there, but the uh the grand prize is 20,000 USD, right? Goes over three weeks, right? You have to post your data, okay? So, now the efficacy of your data is in like if you're good at sales or bad at sales has nothing to do with this. And if you're a
setter, it's the exact same, right? So, I've made it so that like you're not going to get [ __ ] over. If you miss your data, it's minus three points immediately. If you miss the initial session, it's minus 10 points straight off the bat. Okay? Then we've got like you have to hit your daily activity goals.
So, you set an activity goal and you hit it. You got to log it everything correctly. You have to ask for referrals. You got to do book calls or close deals. Do follow-ups and and present proof. Okay? You have to there is skill improvement. So, like watching or reviewing calls, right? Uh attending coaching sessions, giving takeaways, stuff like that.
Uh put meaningful stuff in the group. So, this is all to do around the actual like school group itself. So, it's like you need to be an active and good participant, okay? Now, we have a thing that we do uh every Thursday called tinfoil hat Thursdays in the group where we present on different conspiracy theories. The other week I presented on how the Titanic never sunk.
Look it up, bro. Fun times, okay? If you present, you get extra points. If it's AI slop [ __ ] that I can tell you're not passionate about. Like if you're if you're talking about [ __ ] 9/11 and you're like, "It was done by uh it's like okay, well that's AI slop. Like tell me who really did it. Tell me who really did it.
" Else go to the gym, sleep seven hours, eat eat to plan. Like whole point is over three weeks we're going to be the best version of ourselves. We get consistency bonuses, streak bonuses, okay? If there's no proof, you can't win. Yada yada yada. So, then we have some multipliers. Now, these might change a little bit.
We're just working the math out, but essentially multiplier one is first week you have to get a stranger to buy you lunch and submit video evidence of that. Uh the next one is that you have to sell a [ __ ] the Gurus membership to a stranger in person, okay? This is the old stuff to get outside of your comfort zone.
Week three is a cold calling challenge. Call either like cold call or go to 12-month-old leads, sell them something. And then we have a full week one, which is a trade challenge, which is where you got to start with an item worth less than five bucks and whoever gets the most valuable item at the end, you must document every single trade. Everything will be verified.
So, any winners they'll be verified and then from there the money will be sent out. If anyone's proven to lie or they can't prove something, uh they will face the appropriate public humiliation punishments and a ban. This is not what we're about. This is a This is a [ __ ] cool competition. So, we're going to be using a modified version of this bad boy.
It's going to be a much more built-out version of this. You got all your milestones, etc. etc. I'm pretty excited about it. Uh I think it's going to be good to go. So, the reason why we're doing this is because like when I created [ __ ] the Gurus, it was like I want to [ __ ] the Gurus. I think it's funny.
I think it gives everyone something to sort of be pumped about, be stoked about. And it's like whenever I'm thinking of like what should I do next, it's like what would they never do? They would never give away $20,000. Like who would give away $20,000 to a program that costs $69 a month? What's the [ __ ] math on that? 20,000 divided by 69. Well, the average is 80.
So, I'll do 80. It's 250 members. So, like if I don't get an extra 250 members from this, I'm like losing money, right? That math maths, I guess. This is going to be a fun one. I'm really looking forward to it. 20,000 freedom bucks. If it goes really well, I might even do 100. Who knows? Enjoy.
