In this video, I'm going to be covering
what I would do if I had to start over
again in sales. Right? So, it's 2025. I
think at the time of this recording,
it's about uh June. I'm going to go
through step by step what I would do if
I was going to go back in time, re-enter
sales. I'm 41 now. Um I've made a lot of
money in sales, been able to, you know,
my great home and support my family and
all that kind of good stuff. So
basically what I would do if I could do
it over again, first thing I would do is
uh like if I was going to tell my son
who if he wanted to go into sales,
right, if he had that particular level
of hatred for himself, uh what I would
do is I would tell him first thing you
got to do is high volume. Okay? If if
you haven't sold high volume, you really
haven't sold. Okay? It it's the first
thing that you should do in order to
shortcut your development. A lot of
people are buying expensive sales
training or they're they're going to
these gurus that have sold like four
things in their entire life. There are
exceptions to this rule. Like I think
someone like uh I call Gordon, I think
he's phenomenal at sales. He wasn't a
full-time sales rep for that long, but
he's he's he's very very good. He's very
process driven and can really teach it.
Generally speaking, if you have not been
in sales for like maybe 8 to 10 years,
you're just not very good. You might
have had success. However, you're not
good at sales, right? uh you haven't if
you haven't sold multiple industries, if
you haven't sold ROI, nonROI, all that
kind of stuff, you just haven't had
enough to actually be what I would
consider to be good at sales or someone
who could give me a run for my money,
right? The reason being is because you
never learned how to do the things to
someone like me, like if I'm the
business owner to to make you valuable
in my eyes, not as a person, but as like
a sales rep. Okay? So because like I'm
quite good at sales and so like
someone's skill on the on the phone like
doesn't do a lot for me because like I'm
likely to be either as good or better
and so like it it's not a a quality that
I'm really looking for. Okay. And it's
difficult to get some of these things
through if you've never actually sold in
a high volume. So first thing is high
volume. Ideally something in like a non
ROI like a fitness. The first thing I
would tell my son to do is like go and
sell gym memberships face to face. Not
high ticket coaching gym memberships.
The reason being is because you're going
to get a ton of people. Um, it's going
to be like low value. So, that means
that you have a lot of time to get
better. You're not going to have a
really difficult path in order to have
the expectation of being successful
early. That's that's the thing that
kills a lot of people in sales. They
come in and they're like, you know, they
they they close at 5% or 10%. There's
not enough money in it for you for you
to be able to be allowed to continue to
do that for a long period of time before
I crack the shits and fire you. Whereas
if you've got if you're essentially
generating your own leads, going out
there and cold calling and speaking to
people and cold approaching people, you
learn a ton, right? And if you can cold
approach 100 people a day or 50 people a
day, like after 6 or 8 weeks of that,
like you will learn how to cold
approach. Otherwise, you'll just learn
that that that's not for you and you're
never going to figure it out. And so it
gives you the ability to problem solve
and it gives you time and it gives you
like a really good foundation to go from
and then you can learn to do upsells but
you have to go out there and get the
uncomfortable stuff out of the way
early. Then from there I'd want to do
like kind of stay in that kind of high
volume game. Maybe go into like a low
ticket fitness. Right? The reason why
fitness is great is because you're
looking to sell something that's
physically demanding. You have to stop
doing things that you love and you got
to pay for the pleasure and then take
time to do it. And so it's a difficult
sell. It's much harder than ROI selling.
I've had people that have come on to
like, you know, guys who are like seven
figure closers come on to like fitness
offers and they can't close a door
because like there's no backup of like,
yeah, but you're going to triple your
money, right? So non ROI selling is much
more difficult. The people that I see
that do the best are people that come
from doornocking and fitness
backgrounds, right? Because again, I
think doornocking has that high level of
like you have to figure the out. So if
you were in doornocking and did pretty
well, chances are you're pretty good at
sales. I think anyone who says like, you
know, sales is really just judged by the
results that you get on a consistent
basis, like that's what determines a
good rep. I think there are other
factors that like a long-term good rep
or someone that I would consider good,
whatever. But if you can get results on
anything, uh, then you're a good rep,
right? So, people who say, "Oh, this
sales trainer is [ __ ] This sales
trainer is like because I don't like
what they're saying." That's stupid.
Like, you know, giving feedback on like
objection handles is like whatever. Like
someone could be a killer rep and be
shitty on the phone like or be like not
super skilled on the phone. Like those
two things don't have to be the same
thing. You can be a great rep without
having tons of skill in the same way
where you can be kind of a shitty rep
but have a lot of skill on the phone but
you don't know how to do anything else.
If highly qualified leads don't come
onto your calendar then like you can't
produce sales which means like to me
you're absolutely useless. Like totally
useless and I don't you know want you or
need you. Um peace be with you somewhere
else but like not around me right? uh
because like that's just not something
that I require. So, high volume fitness,
non ROI. Then from there, I would want
to like slowly transition, you know,
into selling, you know, high ticket
stuff, uh eventually going into maybe
more B2B. I think the highest amount of
money that you can make as a sales rep,
you know, that's like in the realms of
what most people would actually be able
to get in terms of like a job would
probably be in the high ticket space.
You know, you can earn 40, 50, 60, 80,
100 grand a month commissions if you're
pretty decent. Um the trick is like can
you do it over time and on multiple
offers like I was someone who earned a
lot of money as a sales rep in high
ticket on every single offer I was ever
on. Um and I was able to stay on offers
right because the thing that I was good
at doing is creating an ecosystem. Okay.
And so going back to the the video which
is what I would do uh and how I would
restart sales. So once I went through
and I was doing my high high volume I
would do the following things whilst I
was on my high volume non ROI thing.
One, I would get good at referrals,
right? Referrals are essential. People
who can't get referrals are useless. If
you don't get referrals and don't ask
for referrals, you're leaving so much
money on the table. There's a reason for
it besides just the fact that you're
getting referrals. Okay? So, you need a
mechanism to stay on an offer or to stay
in a business because a lot of the sales
reps these days, they don't know how to
do anything sales-wise except for talk
on the phone. And so, as soon as the
marketing goes down, they have to
change. Now, if they're doing that
multiple times throughout the year,
which they probably are cuz every 3 to
four, five months or whatever, marketing
will something will happen and will [ __ ]
the bed. Now, if they have no follow-up,
no referral, no outbound ability, they
have nothing, then like that 1 month,
right, or that 6 weeks the marketing
starts to drop off, they can't stay
there, right? Because most people aren't
good with their money. And so, they're
probably no matter what they're making,
they're probably spending it, right? And
so, they see a gun, they're like, "Ah,
the offer's [ __ ] or whatever." And
then they go to a different one. So
meanwhile, it's been on the down. They
haven't made any sales or barely any
sales for three to four weeks and they
go to a new offer and it takes three to
four weeks to ramp up. So let's just say
worst case best case scenario, it's 4
weeks from the time of like where
they're starting to make money again.
And then they do that two or three times
throughout a year. It's super common.
You guys see it all the time like
they're offer hopping. And so what that
means is that their 12 months is
actually not 12 months, it's actually
like eight or nine. So let's say, you
know, they're making 40 grand a month,
but they're only making that for 8
months out of the year. Whereas like the
person who stays there the whole time is
able to probably do, you know, if
they're of equivalent skill and they're
doing other things, they're going to
make say 50 grand a month, but the
entire time because as soon as that
marketing goes down, you turn those
screws up. So referrals is number one.
Follow-up is number two. People who say
don't do follow-up areing [ __ ] It's
just douchebag sales sales guys that are
trying to like it's a marketing hook,
right? It's like it's just going after
people who are like a little bit lazy
and they want to find like the easiest
way in. Whereas like I'm the opposite.
Like if you're lazy, I don't want to be
around you, right? Like who's a person
that's fine, but I don't want you
working with me. Follow-up is essential.
Essential part. It also tells me that
person's never done any complex selling
because for example, software is
basically 100% follow-up sales, right?
Anything B2B is like 100% follow-up
sales. So it shows to me like a juvenile
nature of someone's sales that they're
like, "Don't follow up." It's like
you're an idiot, right? And you've only
ever sold one thing and it's probably
like high ticket coaching and I can tell
everything about you because I'm 41.
I've been in sales for a long time and I
can see that you're this, right? The
next one is like that pipeline
management and having an ability to like
really nurture a pipeline of people,
right? Over the course of time, which is
like a more refined version of
follow-up, someone I should be able to
say, "Hey, what's in your pipeline?" And
someone should be able to tell me. I
feel like what do you mean it's buy or
die? This is stupid, right? Um, and then
as well the next thing is being able to
farm a CRM. So going back through old
leads and creating strategies that farms
a CRM. The reason why this is essential
is again is because there are deals in
the pipeline. There are deals in
somebody else's pipeline. When reps
cycle out and reps aren't very good when
they first start, you can go and grab
their you can get a bunch of layowns.
But what people don't realize is that
when they're trying to do things the
easy way, they're doing it the hard way.
people who don't give referrals, don't
do follow-up, don't do outbound, don't
do CRM farming stuff, they're doing it
the hardest possible way and they're
going to make less money, which is why
like I'll happily put myself up against
anyone uh and say go make sales and I'll
be like sweet because I wouldn't even
ask where the [ __ ] leads are. I would
just go and figure it out, right?
They're coming for me, right? So this is
why these these people like they're
they're not good is is because like they
require the lead to be given to them in
a state where it's ready to go, right?
That's not a salesperson. That's a
checkout chick or checkout person or
check out them. I'm not sure what it's
called these days, right? So essentially
the way that I see that is that you're
like a lion in a zoo and you just get up
in the morning, you go raar and then
daddy feeds you a steak and if he
doesn't you die. Now, I'm a man, like an
actual man, like the old school one with
a penis, right? Um, and I have kids, and
there's no way I'm going to teach
someone that they should allow that
person to dictate the financial ability
of me to be able to feed my kids. And
that's what you're doing when you're
doing inbound only. like you are telling
another man or another person that like
hey can you please be the one who's
completely in charge of the financial
success of my family? Um sir and the
reason why that's so dumb is because
like like loyalty in business is is
doesn't really exist that much, right?
Or at least it's not two ways. like it's
not possible a lot of times cuz like
they they they're not going to uh
financially um destroy themselves so
that you can get calls when you're not
closing at a high rate or when the calls
get hard to get. They're only going to
be able to have so much inbound and then
you have to then facilitate different
strategies in order to be able to
continually get that and give them a
reason. It's the why reason why it's
seventh level like I started using ROI
as a significant metric. So how much am
I putting into you versus how much am I
getting out? If you don't get referrals,
if you don't get upselles, back-end
sales, follow-ups, pipeline, like the
chances of you having a really good ROI
is pretty low. It's only going to be for
a short period of time. And so, these
are the things that I would want to like
have in place if I'm doing sales again,
if I'm starting at scratch. And I would
really make an effort to develop those
strategies as early as humanly possible.
I would work less on skill and more on
process. I would learn more and be more
attentive to the things that are working
early on so I could shortcut my
development and instead of spending tons
of money on sales training like I would
want to shadow people who are highly
active and be the most active person
inside of a sales organization and then
from there the skill will come like
you're going to be kind of shitty at it
for a long time. So you have to you have
to negate that with activity and
process. And I know that having run
hundreds of sales organizations and been
a part of with thousands and thousands
of reps, the reps that I want are the
ones that are like decent enough talking
wise, but like they're awesome at
follow-ups, referral, and getting after
it. And they're highly processed. Like
my sales guy at Dialer, Frankie, is like
exactly that. Like he's pretty good on
the phones. the dude's pretty good at
that, but I mean his followup,
everything is tenacious and the dude is
just really really effective. And that's
something that's a a type of salesperson
who will be like totally fine and good
to go in any economic environment. And
that's what you want to be. Like you
don't want to be the guy who just, you
know, made a bunch of money once by
selling a unicorn offer. Like that's
lame. You don't want to be the lion that
starves it if a daddy didn't give you a
lead. So, you know.
Anyway, hope that helped.
