How is someone supposed to hit these big
financial goals in life, whilst staying
present with their family, whilst
upskilling themselves, whilst protecting
their faith, whilst actually having
meaningful relationships with not only
your friends, but also your family? And
you're supposed to do all of this, go to
the gym, and then not burn out. Is that
even possible? Yes, it is. But only if
you stop trying to do all of these
things to the same level all at once.
I've spent years coaching sales reps,
founders, entrepreneurs, and what I
found is that all of them kind of suffer
from the same thing. They had massive
goals, endless pressure, but zero
structure. What I found is that most
people don't fail because they're lazy.
They fail because their priorities are
fighting against each other. So, in this
video, I'm going to show you the exact
seasonal system that I use to rotate
through the priorities of life in a
winning order using five simple
categories. So that uh using five simple
categories that your money grows without
your personal life or your health or
anything else totally collapsing in the
meantime. And later in the video, I'm
going to show you a math exercise that
you can do in order to really expose
where you're at and actually find a
meaningful path forward. Hi, my name is
Matt and I was a special forces sniper.
I've grown three companies to eight
figures and I've coached like 50,000
sales reps. And so what I want to give
you today is a step-by-step strategy of
how you can actually plan your goals,
achieve them, not burn out, and try to
get the most out of your life. Okay,
guys. So, just before we begin, I'm
going to go over some of the rules,
okay? And some things that you have to
know when you're doing correct goal
setting because I believe as a rep, an
entrepreneur, or whatever you are, um,
correct goal setting is the key to
achieving whatever it is you want. When
I was going to be a sniper, I laid out
the exact steps what I had to do in
order to do that. when I grew Seventh
Level and Sales Sniper to eight figures
in less than two years each, I laid out
exactly and I hit the projections pretty
much spot on. And so, a good series of
assumptions, but also um
>> a few moments later,
>> a good series of assumptions, but also
just some good quality kind of logic
rules really set the scene for what you
can and can't do. Okay, so first thing
you have to know is that uh things to
note is that you cannot have it all
right away. This is an important thing
to note because your goals can go up
over time, but you cannot have
everything that you want, especially not
right away. You have to build up to
certain things. The second thing is that
you must start small. Large goals seem
like unattainable to most people. And
so, like, if you're a person, you're
making $5,000 commissions and you're
like, I'm going to make $100,000 a month
commission. It's like, dude, it's too
big of a goal. It's too far away. you're
going to get like, you know, halfway
through the time frame that you've given
yourself, you're not going to be halfway
there because you don't realize that
most things kind of curve up like this
and it's just not going to be a
conducive environment for you to
actually get what you want. The next one
is that uh a goal without a time frame
or a plan is a dream, not a goal. Okay?
So, if there's no failure point, then
there's no goal there. Nobody says like,
"Oh, I'm going to be an Olympian at some
stage." It's like, "No, no, I'm going to
I'm going to be in this Olympics." And
then there must be a consequence. There
has to be a consequence. A failure
cannot be like I guess like me, you know
what I mean, right? Like there has to be
a consequence otherwise like what are
you pushing towards? Like it's just a
farcical random number in the middle of
nowhere. Like it doesn't mean anything.
Okay. And the last thing is it all
starts with a triangle and an F-word.
You want to categorize your sort of uh
goal categories. Okay. So, I've got the
five Fs here, which I like, which is
faith, family, fitness, finances, and
friendships. Okay. Um, alliteration
seems to always stick in people's heads.
Okay. So, uh, faith, pretty
self-explanatory. Okay. Family, that can
be whether it's like your parents or
your kids and your wife, stuff like
that. Okay. Fitness, just overall
health, I think. Right. Finances,
obviously, making money, doing that kind
of good stuff. Business, right? And then
friendships is relationships outside of
those things. Okay, these are all things
that are worth nurturing and all things
that you shouldn't forget about any of
them. Um, but you also like cannot uh in
any there's no point in your life where
you will be able to prioritize multiple
things to the same degree. A
prioritization system is not that things
are not more important, but like there's
a temporary hierarchy put in place. Like
I would argue that there is nothing more
important than faith. You might say
something different, okay? But it
doesn't mean that like during your
entire life that that is going to be the
thing that you focus on the most, even
though you could argue that it probably
should. So what you do is you start off
by picking three. Okay? So you're going
to find your reason and your season.
What we're going to do here, so we've
got this triangle bad boy. Nice simple
shape, right? And then we uh we put each
one of the things at one of the points.
Okay. So, in this one for the example,
uh, one of the points and the points are
not in any particular order, right? It
doesn't mean that the one at the top is
the one that's the most important,
right? And we're going to be going over
that. And that's kind of one of the
beautiful things about this and one of
the beautiful things about triangles,
right? So, we've got faith in one,
family at the other, and fitness in the
other. You might have finances, fitness,
and uh, you know, friendships, right?
Whatever it may be. Now, at no stage can
any one of these be forgotten. Okay? Um
because like all these things are
important. What's also important to know
is that like all of them interlock
together, right? So it's like you know
there's relationships with all of these
things. When my faith is strong, my
relationship my family is stronger.
Okay. Um you know what I mean? When my
fitness is really good, like I feel
better about myself, I'm a better dad.
I'm a better husband. Just you know what
I mean? All these things kind of work
together. That's why you don't want to
like forget about anything. And I think
one of the big myths that people have is
that like they can actually have it all.
And I think that's a really toxic kind
of headsp space to be in because you
truly can't. So what it really sets you
up for is a tremendous amount of
disappointment. Um and I think if you
start small and then you realize that
you're going to have a reason and a
season for each one of these things,
then you can actually move forward with
a prioritization system that makes
sense. So once you've got that, the cool
thing is you put a line down the middle,
right? And it creates a little arrow.
Look at that little guy. A little arrow.
Okay. So that's going to be your
direction. Okay. So if I'm picking
faith, it's like, okay, cool. So that
means that that has to be my priority
one. Okay. So that means that if there
is a family thing and it you know what I
mean and a fitness thing then like I
have to prioritize the faith thing.
Okay. Now if my fitness is number one
then it's going to be vice versa again.
Now you might say like oh you can never
prioritize this over this. No these are
reasons and seasons. When I sold my
equity in seventh level I sold but I
also uh let go of a really big salary.
And so I went to my wife. We had just
purchased a large house and I said,
"Hey, listen. For the next 3 months, I'm
going to rebuild my income. So, finances
is going to be my priority." Which meant
that like, you know, although I'm not
going to forget about the other stuff,
although I'm not going to forget about
the other stuff, I have to prioritize
work. So, work will be the priority. The
cool thing is you don't forget about the
other things, but you will prioritize
one thing. And that was a conversation
that we had and she understood that. And
so I missed a couple things at the kids'
schools because I had like early morning
sales calls and stuff like that. But
that was a there was a reason and a
season for it. I'm not spending my
entire life [ __ ] doing that cuz that
would be horrible, right? But what I'm
doing is I'm spending a very particular
time to do a very particular thing,
which is the whole point of doing it
like this is that it stops you from, you
know, just trying to be all things to
all people all the time. All right. So,
let's just say now this is how you start
to reverse engineer, okay, what it is
you're doing. All right, so I'm going to
use finances because it's the easiest
thing to reverse engineer and it's what
most of you people are watching this
channel for anyway. Okay, so uh step one
is you're going to pick your direction.
Step two, okay, is you're going to start
to reverse engineer the basics. Okay, so
let's just say the income goal is
$500,000.
Okay, now I'm going to break this down
like a sales rep. You can do this as a
business owner or you can do this in
whatever you're doing, but I'm going to
show you an example. Okay? So, please
don't go, "But Matt, can you please show
me if I'm a baker in Idaho?" No, I
can't. Okay? So, we've got the income at
500K. Now, I'm a sales rep, so it's like
average sale of 10,000, average
commission of 20%, which is 2,000. I
need to sell 250 units, okay, to make
the 500K. I have a close rate of 25%.
That means I need to hold a,000 sales
calls. That means I need to book with a
70% show rate. I need to book 1428 at a
48 hour a 48we work week. Most people do
that wrong. They do 52. You don't work
52 weeks a year. You usually work about
48. Okay, that's 30 per week at 60 at 60
minute calls. Okay, people are sleeping
on the call time. If you can lower your
call time, you can like significantly
increase the opportunity to make money.
But anyway, so you just do the basics,
right? Now, this is a very basic reverse
engineering um of what you would need to
do, right? Right? And what you would do
is you then compare that to now. So you
take all of these same metrics and you
say like where am I at right now? And
that's going to give you a good
comparison baseline of the things that
you need to really work on in order to
be able to achieve the goal. Because
what you want to do is you want to you
don't walk into a gym and just go like
me be fit. You walk into a gym and you
do leg day. Okay? Like perfect practice
is what makes professionals,
right? Like if you go to the driving
range with a golf pro, they're like
doing a very specific thing to get
better at something specifically. Okay,
list step three is a list of all the
barriers. Okay, this is one that most
people just don't do. Okay, so one like
is the business seasonal? These are just
questions that you're going to ask
yourself. Okay. Um, are you far off the
required monthly sales? Like, you know,
and then what's the delta that you would
need to ramp that up? Okay. Do you have
any skill or opportunity gaps? Um, do I
have any holidays planned? What are the
large events that are happening next
year? Okay. And do they affect me? Like
for an example, like a presidential
election or something like that? like
presidential elections hugely affect at
the advertising space, the sales space
because there's a tremendous level of
uncertainty. The consumer confidence
index generally plays a large role in
close rates across the board. I can do a
video on that actually if you want me to
comment consumer confidence index. Uh
right, and I'll do a video on the
correlative data between the consumer
confidence and your close rate because
you're probably in far less control of
your close rate than what you think.
Like tower 7 falling down for no reason.
I'm sure that probably caused some
people to get no sales. Okay. The list
of barriers. Okay. And then like the
delta. Okay. So, and this is um this is
going to sort of show you that delta is
like an incredibly important thing
because if you want to get to 500k a
year, that's save $40,000 a month. Now,
if you're at $10,000 a month, you're not
going to start making $40,000 a month
tomorrow. So, now you have a delta. So,
if we have like January, February,
March, right? and we have money and then
we have the months here. You have to do
this. So, which means that like you have
to achieve a higher monthly income than
what is required over a 12-month period
in order to hit the 500k because like
you're going to have to ramp up, right?
So, you have to understand that every
time you make 10K for the month, you're
30K behind your goal and that compounds.
So, you have to start making more
towards the back end of the year, right?
So like a goal of making 40k a month and
a goal of 500k are different goals but
people tend to conflate them even though
math is math. Okay. So that's writing
out your list of barriers and really
kind of understanding where you're at
versus where you need to be. You could
do this with weight loss too. Like if
you're currently gaining weight, all
right, and you need to lose weight.
Okay, you need to sort of understand
that. This next one isn't how I would
then go into like I guess the actual
planning. And I'm going to go over like
one quarter's worth. Okay. So, if I've
got Q1 of let's say 2026, right now I've
got Jan, Feb, and March. And I'm going
to go into my calendar. I'm going to go,
okay, January 5th is the first real day.
This is for 2026. January 5th is the
first real day, right? And it's four
full weeks, which is a good thing. I'll
be like, "Okay, sweet." Because
sometimes, like it starts earlier or
later, like if January, you know, first
is like is like a it's like a Tuesday,
you kind of end up losing like that
whole week. And that can actually affect
you because if there's public holidays
that make you have like a short month,
then that can affect your income.
February has President's Day. It's about
4 weeks. March is really nothing. It's
got four and a half weeks. Okay. So,
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
break down. Okay. Um my goal is to make
50% of the 125K that I would make if I
was going to do the full 500K for the
year. I want to make 50% of that. Okay.
So, 625 is what my goal is for Q1. Now
hopefully what I'm going to do is some
skill set things and I'm going to see
where my skill set's lacking, my
opportunity is lacking and then I'm
going to like make a plan. I'm going to
ramp up. So I'm going to assume my skill
level and my sales are going to increase
over the course of the time. So January
I'm going to do 15 then 20 then 275 for
March. Now these are assumptions and
then we just want to make assumptions
based off our best guesses and actually
sitting down like with an iPad or with a
pen and paper and actually thinking
through some of these things. Okay, so
this is where it's important. You're
like, "Okay, cool. So, my income for
January is going to be 15K. Then what
I'm going to do is my average sale,
commission, units, close rate, all the
stuff they went through before, and how
much time I really need to spend. So,
I'm going to go really, really
nitty-gritty on every single month,
knowing that they're all going to be a
little bit different. And what this does
is allows me to just find like if
there's anything just makes no sense.
You're like, "Oh, like I can't do that.
Like, I'm I've got I've got this on like
I'm going to lose a whole week." It's
like, "Oh, shit." You know? So just the
mere fact that you're sitting down and
writing it out in detail makes an
enormous difference. Okay, when you're
trying to then find the thing, okay,
which is step number four, okay, so
we'll do a quick recap. Step number one
is picking a direction. Step number two
is reverse engineering. Step number
three is listing all of the barriers
out. Okay? And step number four is
finding the thing. So find the thing is
like what is the smallest lever that
opens the largest door for you? If I go
through and I sort of put this down and
I go, okay, income 60 versus income 10.
And I go, okay, my average sale is 10K
ideally. Right now it's seven. My
average com is 2,000 versus 1,400. Like
those aren't that's not too bad of a
difference, right? That's like that's a
pretty manageable increase, right? Now a
close rate of 20% versus 15%, that's a
harder thing again to increase. Now I
need to be 60 minutes. I'm at 90
minutes. It's like okay that's a big
difference because like if I maintain 90
minutes all the time that's actually
reduces the amount of sales calls that I
can take compared to uh my ideal by 30%.
So I'll need to work significantly more
hours. My goal for January would be to
shorten my call time because I can take
more calls in the same in the same
amount of time or I can I can take the
same amount of calls in less time and do
more development or I can take a lot
more calls in the same amount of time.
Okay, if that makes sense. So then what
I would do is I go, my goal for January
is to get my goals from 90 minutes to 60
minutes. And then I would go, okay, I
have 1, two, three different ideas on
how I can do that. And then what you do
is you just write out your ideas. The
best way to go from 3 to two is to go,
which one do I hate? That one. Now I've
got two ideas. I'm going to try two of
them. That is how you develop a
development plan for yourself. Now you
have a strategy. Now you have a goal.
And now you have one thing that you're
trying to get better at for January,
which is like that's how you develop.
You you can't be again you can't be all
things to all people. So now you have a
singular focus for your development,
which is how you can do that. Okay. So
once you have that, then now you can
actually start to put everything down on
paper and start actually moving forward.
Right? The reason why people do not
achieve their goals is because they just
don't use their brains and they're
thinking too big, too hard, too soon,
too fast. and they're going all in. If
someone ever says, "I'm going to do
something 100%," I know immediately that
that they don't do [ __ ] because you
can't do anything 100%. It's just not
the way that it works, right? How can I
go all in on my fitness when I'm trying
to run a business, be a dad, be a be a
husband, do you know what I mean? Like,
how can I I can't do all these things at
once. So, I get my triangle, I rotate it
around, right? And it's like, I'm going
to focus on this for this season, for
this reason. Then, I'm going to create a
plan and I'm going to nail it out. I'm
going to have a look. I'm going to go
through and go I'm going to pick the
direction. Sweet. Then I'm going to list
out all the barriers, right? I'm going
to reverse engineer it and then I'm
going to like find the thing that I can
get way better at and then I'm going to
put a development plan in place to
actually do it. And if you do those
things, it's surprisingly easy to hit
your goals. When I was a young guy, I
was like, I want to be in the military.
I saw a photo of a guy hanging off the
side of a building looking cool as [ __ ]
and I was like, I want to be that guy.
So, I went to recruiting and I was like,
what what is this job? And they were
like, "This is a tag sniper. TAG is
tactical assault group. It's a counter,
it's a counterterrorism sniper." And I
was like, "How do I do that?" And the
guy said, "You have to do this. You have
to do this, this, this, this, this,
this. It takes about two and a half
years if everything goes well." And I
was like, "Okay, I'll do that, please."
And I I had all that written out, like
all of it. And I was like, "Sweet." And
I just ticked the box as I went. Right.
When I started my sales sniper business,
I projected every single month, you
know, out. When I started dialer, I
projected dialer out and I would I'm
only $2,000 off, right, for the year
now. I've been doing this for a while,
but that projection allows me to see
things that I go, "Oh man, like I can't
grow like this far in this term with
this. I have to add a secondary product
here. Otherwise, it's going to be really
difficult for me to maintain that level
of lead generation." I'm just doing
organic for this period of time because
we haven't started the ads yet. I was
like, "Okay, cool." So, that's how I
started to think about when can we have
alternate products, right? And when are
they going to roll out and how much are
they going to be, right? So, and that
process of thinking about that and doing
that, it allows you to have a much
deeper understanding of your business or
if you're a sales rep, like of the
nature of what you sell and you have
more control and then you can take away
and you can grab development plans or do
whatever you want to do with that. But
that is how you actually achieve goals.
And uh anyway guys, if you like this
kind of content, make sure you like and
subscribe, hit the notification bell,
all that kind of good stuff. and I'll
see you in the next
