Hey guys, what's up? Matt here. In
today's video, I'm going to be talking
to you about intonation. This is more of
a advanced sales video for people who
have been in sales for a while. And what
I'm going to be going over is the ways
in which you can use your voice, the
ways in which you can structure
sentences in order to get more
predictable answers in your sales calls
when you're doing outbound, inbound, no
matter what it is. And this helps in
overall day-to-day communications as
well. Okay, so uh I'm at an event at the
moment in uh Florida, so excuse kind of
the weird background, but um yeah,
here's the information. There are
multiple ways in which you can express
the intent of what it is you're trying
to relay. And that's really what
hypervictable sales ends up giving you.
And so I'll give you an example. Like I
can say, well, why is that important to
you now though? And comment down below
how you would answer that. Okay? And I
can go, well, why is that important to
you now, though? And so comment down
below how you'd answer that one. And so
chances are the majority of you would
use the time frame as sort of the the
main response there. So in the first
one, why is that important to you now
though? You're going to go, well, you
know, I feel like I've been doing want
needed to do something for a while or
something that's time based. Whereas if
I go, why is that important to you now
though? Then what you're going to do is
go back to the thing that you were just
talking about. So it's accountability or
whatever. It's like why is why so like
with the accountability like why is why
is that important to you now though?
They're going to go well just having
anyone like looking over my stuff or you
go that like that accountability like
why is that important to you now though?
And they're going to go well you know I
just really need to get my
together. And so it's those little tiny
differences and and you get really
really predictable responses and that's
what allows you to get really really I
guess predictable sales. Okay? And so
there are multiple ways in which you can
do this. Like that was just one example.
The key ways are one like the words that
you say. So just using really definitive
words or really like leaned out words.
Again you're going to get different
examples. The second one is going to be
like where you put the in like the
inflection on the actual word. So what I
mean by that is like whether you go up
at the end of a sentence or down. So if
I walk in and I go, "Hey man, how's it
going?" Or I go, "Hey, how's it going?"
And if I go down at the end, so again,
you're going to get different feelings
that way. So the first one is like nice
and jovial and curious. Okay? The middle
one is like quite neutral. Hey, how's it
going? Like it's like or hey, how's it
going? And you go down at the end, it
shows real concern. And so that's going
to tell you how to feel. Okay? And
again, if you do all of them together,
it can be a little bit much. So the key
is being able to sort of pepper some of
those things in. Okay? So you've got
your pausing and pacing, okay, which is
like that. How is that important to you?
Now though, okay, you've got your like
inflection, so the ups and the downs or
like the neutral. You've got the word
choice itself. So if you're going to be
using things like now or you're going to
be, you know, doing things like, you
know, like more definitive or more
neutral in in terms of that. Then what
you've also got is you've got your
overall like tonality. So am I going to
constrict my voice? Am I going to do
high? Am I going to do more of a high
pitch like, "Hey, how are you?" Okay,
it's quite nice and jovial. Hey, how are
you? Okay. Down when I'm speaking from
my throat. Okay. Sorry, I'm speaking
from my chest. The more breathy, it's
going to be more of like a dad or a mom
energy, right? And so all those things
together, they combine to express the
intent of what it is you're really
trying to say. Now, the reason why this
is important is because if you want
really predictable sales and you want to
be able to be someone who can control a
conversation really well without it
feeling like you're controlling a
conversation, then this is really
important stuff to learn. The reason
being is because good sales people don't
have to say a lot of words. They don't
have to talk a lot. It's just things
like, "Oh, why is that? Okay, tell me
more." You know, and it's like little
probes and clarifies and, you know,
probing statements and stuff like that
that are going to get you deeper and
deeper and deeper like into a
conversation. And being able to
structure a sentence in a way where you
are intentionally creating
predictability out of and inducing an
answer that you want is how you get a
really really consistent outcome. And
that's like the most important thing
that you can do in sales is figuring out
how to have a really consistent outcome.
One of the best things that you can do
to practice this is just start to do it
in everyday conversation because this
comes from being able to have a
conversational flow with somebody and
being able to listen intently enough to
know what it is you're looking for and
then be able to like transfer that just
by having more intentional conversations
dayto-day. have a look at at how people
or how even how actors so you can watch
movies and you can see like what are
they doing to actually induce that
because people who say like scripts
don't work are idiots right because like
of course scripts work like movies are
based on scripts like it's just that you
suck at delivering them right like
that's basically it doesn't mean you
you're going to be scripted word for
word all of the time but what it means
is that like you're going to follow a
framework and you're going to have
particular like set points and ways of
asking things and the more consistent
you get that like like the better hands
down people who are like, "Oh, don't
sell scripts." Like, no, you just suck
at sales. Like, you're just not that
good. You haven't sold many things or
like you've just never actually
implemented one properly. Like, it's
stupid. Um, but if you go and if you
watch actors, then you can see exactly
what they're doing, why they're doing
it, where they're placing the
inflection, how they're making you feel,
and then you'll be able to see exactly
what they're doing. You can break it
down. You can start to put some of those
elements in yourself. If you want to get
good at it in terms of being able to uh
implement into um like your sales
day-to-day, then one of the best ways is
when you write your script out is you
want to like um have like a little like
legend for yourself. So, uh for example,
like if I'm going to emphasize a word,
I'm going to put it in bold. If I'm
going to do a pause before or after a
word, which again puts importance on it,
why is that important to you now though?
Why is that pause important to you now
though? like that old scene from Bora
where he's like this suit is black not
this suit is not black right the reason
why that's so funny is because he uses
intonation to give you like an
unpredictable outcome so it's like if
I'm doing that not joke like this suit
is black not right it's the pause and
then the intonation or how you say the
knot that makes it like funny right but
if I say this suit is black not this
suit is not black like those small
changes although like if you write them
down it doesn't look like that big of a
change it makes a huge change to how
that how that feels. That's why I say
they say that timing is everything
inside of, you know, like when you're
looking at comedy, right? It's all about
the timing. And with words and with
sentences and with scripts and with
sales and with communication, it's all
about the timing. It's all about like
when you say certain things, how you say
certain things, when you're going to go
in hard, when you're going to go in
soft, like when you're going to do
definitive or undefinitive. If you're
someone that has like quite a passive
leaned out nature, then you're going to
want to use more definitive and a more
forceful or like a more force for tone.
If you're someone like me who's like
covered in tattoos, 6'2, 240 lb, like
very forceful type personality, then I
need to use more neutral language and a
more leaned out tonality in order to
like not seem so forceful cuz that's my
my natural demeanor. One of the mistakes
that people make is they'll use like
very neutral tone, right? Like all the
time they'll use maybe, might be. So
they use these like super leaned out
neutral words and then they're super
leaned out and neutral and then they're
also not a very dominating type person.
like they're quite passive as a person.
I don't want to say bait or anything,
but they're quite passive. And so when
you when you learn certain sales styles
that are much more neutral, it causes
you to feel and act like a and so then
nobody wants to buy from someone who
seems like they're uncertain of what
they're doing. And so you have to figure
out this balance between like what is
neutral, what is definitive, what's
leaned out, lean in, like when am I
going to use this pacing and pausing and
how am I going to interpret all the
stuff to actually get the outcomes that
I'm looking for based off me as a
person. Because if you're very leaned
out and you're very passive person, you
have to be more leaned in, more
definitive, try and be, you know, like
overly excited or whatever because
you're probably someone who's like, "Hi,
how are you?" And overly excited, it's
like, "Hey, how are you?" And it's like,
"Yeah, that's fine." Cuz if I answer, if
you answer the phone and someone's like,
for example, like if you're doing
outbound, your tone is so important,
especially when you first kind of get
the like when someone first picks up the
phone, if you're like, "Hey, how are
you? Hey, is this John?" You know, it's
a terrible. It's like, "Hey, is this
John?" It's like, "Hey, you sound happy.
You sound like you want to be there."
and it just puts a whole different spin
on the entire conversation. Okay, so uh
but going back to that script, you want
to write it out exactly how you want to
say it because then you can start to
create some predictability. Getting good
at sales is not a super intellectual
endeavor. What it is is a
problem-solving endeavor and most people
don't get it right because they're
looking to solve a ton of problems at
once, whereas you don't really know what
problem to solve. So in order to create
consistency, which gives you a high
level of predictability, is write out
exactly how you're going to say things,
especially your openers, right? and your
pitch and those really important key
parts of the sale. Write it out exactly
how you're going to say it with every
single intonation. Okay? And then notice
what kind of response you get and then
from there you can start to change it
because again this suit is black knot.
This suit is black knot is a totally
different thing. Okay? In the same as
where butt dial and booty call are
totally different things, right? But
they sound pretty similar. Okay? But the
context and all that kind of stuff plays
a huge role. And so if you write it out,
then you will start to reduce the
variation. Cuz if you come to me and
you're like, "Matt, I want to get better
at sales. I want to make my outbound
better," whatever it may be. And you're
saying something different every single
time. There's no feedback that I can
give you. That's valuable. So when you
start writing it out, then you can start
to create consistency. Then you can
start to use things like your pacing.
Right? If I speed up at the end of a
sentence, then I'm basically placing
importance on this part that I said
slow. Hey man, so like what we're
looking to do here is just kind of get
you in a little like that, right? You
know, like that PDS statement at the end
of an ad. It's like, hey, I don't want
you to really pay much attention to
this. So pay attention to this stuff.
Hey, it looks like we're really going to
get together and just figure out how it
is we're going to like that, you know.
Um, and then so so you can use that kind
of stuff. You can also then bring in
your pauses, right? You know, pausing
for effect. It's very very effective.
You can pause directly after or directly
before a word and it places more
importance on it. You can hit it with a
a nice, you know, a nice inflection,
okay? You can hit it with a tonality,
whether it be like soft or hard or, you
know, like whatever, right? Curious, uh,
challenging, whatever. And then you can,
you know, play around with basically
like the commas, right? So like how
you're structuring the sentence. And
then from there, you can start to learn
how to structure a script to be highly
predictable. And this is a skill set
that will transcend multiple offers and
multiple industries, where I've sold a
lot of different things. Um, and it's
not some like kooky sales training
thing. It doesn't even require somebody
to help you. It just requires a problem
solving process that you need to go
through in order to actually figure out
how you can get better at sales. If you
want to learn more about this stuff, you
can click down below and I have a
course. It's like 50 bucks a month. You
can go through it. There's tons of
training and there's like training calls
and all this kind of stuff. It's just
cheap and cheerful. Um, and this is
designed to help people out and to get
people started. All right, guys. Hope
that was helpful. Like, subscribe,
notification bell, all that kind of good
stuff. I'll see you next video.
