In this video, I'm going to explain to
you why the option close is stupid and
it only works on laydowns and complete
idiots. But I'm also going to give you
some alternatives that actually make
sense. Hi, my name is Matt and uh if
you're watching this, it's because uh I
teach sales. That's about as much you
need to know for me. I've made a lot of
money doing it. I'm pretty good at it.
Uh but you can make up your mind by
watching this video. So, the option
close is like, hey, do you want A or B?
Do you want left or right? Do you want
up or down? Okay, cool. Uh Visa or
Mastercard? Okay, it sounds good. Okay,
but it is it is uh overly stupid, right?
Um, now it doesn't mean you can't ever
use it and I think that it has its place
but essentially it is designed to it's
only going to close in my opinion for
the most part layowns and idiots right I
say idiots because there are people who
just get bamboozled very easily which I
suppose um you know is is helpful um
yeah I suppose and layowns because
they're people who have already decided
because there is an answer which is not
in there which is uh no maybe tell me
more okay so but there are other types
of closes um I think that um any there
is no one particular way that works the
best. There is also no right, there's no
wrong, there's what works. What works
for you is not going to work for me.
Generally speaking, as a brief little
rundown, your demeanor as a person is
going to play and dictate a large role
in what works for you as a salesperson.
Let me know down below if you want me to
do a complete video on that on on how to
actually pick a sales style that works
for you. Um, because I've been thinking
about doing that. Like me, I'm an
execial forces sniper. I'm a very
forthright person. A really good way to
tell if you're a forthright person is if
somebody cuts in line, would you say it?
Would you say it every time? Are there
very little circumstances where you
wouldn't say it? Um, if somebody cut in
line 20 places ahead of me, I'm going to
go up upup upup upup upup upup upup upup
upup upup upup upup upup upup upup upup
upup upup upup upup upup up. What do you
think you're doing? Right? And I'm going
to make it awkward and I will enjoy the
process. Uh, call me an [ __ ] call me
a dick, call me broken, whatever you
would like, but I would do it and I
always have. Um, you know, but I am 6'2
and 250 lbs. So that makes it much
easier. I also used to kill people
professionally, right? So um, but uh,
getting back to closing. So, so, okay.
So, with that, so because I'm so
forthright, uh, a selling style that's
more neutral, like an APQ is really good
for me. Okay. If I'm a very like hello,
like how are you? If I was like, um, you
know, like a really kind of like I can't
really say it without being derogatory,
but like, you know, meek and meager,
right? But if I'm just really leaned
out, neutral, passive, um, then
something like that might not work as
well for me because it might make me too
neutral, too passive, whereas I'm so
forthright that using a maybe would be,
could be, possibly is really good for
me, right? Okay. And using some of those
more neutral tonalities because my
natural kind of
leads to forthright and highly
convicted. Okay. Uh the option close
definitely does can work. However, do I
think it's optimal? No. Um do I think it
will work for someone who's brand new to
sales and who's absolutely terrible. I
think yes. I I think it's a win from
there because it it leaves very little
room for you to screw up and instead of
like pushing someone off a cliff, you're
having them walk down it, which is
generally speaking a better way to ask
questions because it leaves you with
less variables. But essentially, because
it ends in sort of this odd binary
choice where there is this like
unwritten third one where it's like,
well, [ __ ] maybe. You know what I
mean? Uh maybe diners. Visa MX, I got
diners, right? And so I I think it's
really only designed to work well on uh
like laydowns. Okay. So the scenarios
where I would use it is if you're brand
new and you're selling something very
simple, right? Um and uh you know you
have good leads like in a gym.
Fantastic. They're they're walking in,
they're coming in like they're pretty
good leads. Okay. So the next one would
be an assumptive close. Assumptive
closes can be good too, right? Uh some
of the pros to that is just like you
know if the person's in, it's going to
be very frictionless. The difficulty
comes is that it becomes combative when
they're not in right. So if you're like
let's get started Monday and they're
like
>> okay no
>> you know and so now you end up in this
argument situation and what I find is
that um people who are like lesser
skilled at communicating not necessarily
sales um at communicating will struggle
with this level of assuredness and
assumptiveness because you have to
backpedal and continue the conversation
which is like just a difficult kind of
skill set to navigate. Okay. Um, and
what I mean by that is like if someone
says no, like getting coming back and
pulling and progressing the conversation
is really difficult. So, what ends up
happening from what I've seen is that a
lot of people um just end up booking
follow-up calls, which is inane. Okay,
follow-up is essential and a really good
thing to do. Booking randomass follow-up
calls because you couldn't overcome an
objection is not follow-up, right? You
have to get them to say to want it and
need it. And then from there, you're
following up with them because they have
like a logistical or something barrier
that's stopping from doing it, but you
have both agreed that is something that
they really want to do and they're going
to figure out a way how to do it. That
is follow-up. When someone goes like,
>> "No, that's too expensive." And you go
>> and you [ __ ] [ __ ] yourself because
you have no idea what you're saying. You
know what I mean? And you go, "That's
talking in two weeks,
right?" Then like that's not follow-up.
That's stupid. You know? So like the
assumptive closes are good. It's smooth,
confident, a little bit cheeky. So, if
you're someone like me, you can get away
with an assumptive close because like
I've probably done a pretty decent job
during it of building the urgency,
right? And uh yeah, you know, like it's
a pretty simple thing, but if you're
someone who's like like it might be also
good if you're like super leaned out and
very neutral to then go within a more
assumptive close or if you're you know
what I mean? So again, maybe either
really advanced or really new is what I
would say that's going to work for. And
someone who's either like really
assumptive, just [ __ ] lean into it,
or someone who's like super [ __ ] Okay,
the next one I talk about is like the
scarcity or like urgency close, right?
It's it's really all about like
consequence closing. So, uh, a good
thing is like just a heads up, we've
only got three spots left for this
onboarding this month. Like should I
pencil you in? Okay, so um it it's
basically like the action takers
discount. Now, action takers discounts
are super common. I don't think they're
bad. I also don't think they're good. I
don't think they're necessary a lot of
the time. I would never use it even if I
had uh access to it because I think it
brings the people in under a bad
pretense. Uh there's a video with Grant
Cardone. You can probably put it
somewhere here.
>> Yeah. Well, let me let me explain to you
that it's not $1,500 a month. It's
$36,000.
>> Is that yourself?
>> Plus the $4,000 startup fee, which means
it's $40,000. I need you to think about
a $40,000 decision, not a $1,500 a month
decision.
>> Okay? So, and what he does there is I
think he's really, really good. So, he
basically says like it's not a $2,500
decision. It's a $30,000 decision. Big
boy decisions, big boy results. Okay.
Super assumptive. I love it. I think
it's good to go, especially for that
environment and for what he's selling.
Is it going to work on a software? You
know what I mean? Like, maybe not. So,
like, you know, it's it's really good,
but what it does is it doesn't minimize
the decision. And I think things like
financing and things like uh like where
you're breaking things down, right, or
where you're given these like huge
discounts for action taking, I think
that sometimes they can minimize and so
people come in under a different
pretense rather than really wanting to
get the outcome or wanting to get the
thing, right? Um you know, and so I
think that you can do a better job than
that. I don't think that it's absolutely
required. Also, what I would say is if
the action taker discount is today only
and they sign tomorrow, would you give
it to them? If you would, then it's fake
and you shouldn't do it. I think one of
the beautiful parts about sales is that
you never have to lie to anybody. You
just don't have to. You can just tell
the truth. I love being the [ __ ]
beacon of truth uh and saying what I
want to say because I can get away with
all kinds of [ __ ] and I think it's fun,
right? But um that's where like those
scarcity clubs in that if they're real,
they're fantastic, right? Like with
dialer for example, so if you're
struggling with like low pickup rates,
you want to get higher pickup rates,
more compliance, right? And you want to
have an overall better, more manageable,
more transparent system for your
setters, then go down below to
dollar.io, right? I I built it
specifically because I've done tons of
outbound and I was [ __ ] sick of all
the crap solutions, right? But like we
genuinely have like we use a bit of a
scarcity close and it's because we just
don't have that much onboarding capacity
because everything is custom. So we can
onboard about a client a day, maybe two
clients a day. So like you know if we do
a big influx of people like I have to
triage them and say I've got to book you
in for two weeks or this this this you
know because again we have scarcity and
we do like a first come first serve. We
don't like triage them by size and so um
if they're a really small account I will
push their sales call off by two or
three weeks because I know we can't
onboard them and if they want to pay
extra like I don't know they probably
could and I probably let them do it
right but like that's when that's going
to be used. Okay. Now, the next one is a
takeaway close, which is phenomenal if
you are good at doing it. In my training
portal, uh, shout out to a guy called
Josh Swedom, right? He's a guy that I
trained for a long time. He's a good
sales rep. He's very, very smooth. He
does takeaway closes better than nearly
anyone I've heard. And there's an
example of that in my YouTube
membership, which you can join, right?
Uh, $49 a month. Stay as long as you
want. Leave. I don't give a [ __ ] Uh,
take all the content and go, right? Do
your thing. Um, or you can just keep
getting the free [ __ ] whatever. I don't
care. So like that's where it's like
honestly I don't think that you you know
maybe you're not ready for this maybe
you wouldn't be a good fit. Right. And
so what you're doing there is you're
you're it's a dangerous game because it
really depends on the prospect. If you
do it to someone like me it's not going
to work. Right. Because I'm going to go
well [ __ ] you. Right. Right. So um but
if you're it's it's a it's a pushaway
game. So pushing people away is a really
really good strategy if you know what
you're doing. If I push you at 5% you'll
push me back at 10%. Right? So if I you
know if you're like hey you know I
really want to lose some weight. It's
like, "Oh, you don't have to, man. Like,
you know, like you look all right. You
just keep doing what you're doing." It's
like, "No, I think I really need to."
Well, but now they're like, "Why now?
Why not just [ __ ] doing what you're
doing?" No, because I really want to get
it sorted. Right? So, they just dig
themselves a little bit deeper because
everybody loves their own viewpoint and
everybody wants to be right. And that's
kind of how human beings are, right? The
takeaway close utilizes that, but it is
very effective, but it is very tricky to
navigate, right? It is an F1 car. If you
do it poorly, it will absolutely [ __ ]
the bed. Okay. Now, the close that I
like to use is again more difficult, but
I think leaves a much more pleasant
taste in everyone's mouth. I use super
open-ended questions. I just go like,
"How would you like to proceed from
here?" Right? I I do a pitch. I do a
summary, right? So, it's more of a
summary close into like open-ended. So,
it's like, "Hey, in order for us to put
the resources together for XYZ so that
you can XYZ, right? Insert goal. The
funding required for that is this. How
would you like to proceed from here?"
And then every single loop ends when the
how do you want to proceed? How do you
want to proceed? The reason being is
because if they have 10 doors in front
of them, I like them to feel like they
have uh a a key to each door, right?
With an option close, I'm going that
door or that door. And then they they
have 10 doors, and now they're down to
two, and then I go that door or that
door. Now they're down to one, right?
So, which seems like it's making it
easier, but what it actually does is
when you get to the end, that's the most
difficult part because now you actually
have to finish the transaction. Whereas
I want them to feel like they're
choosing their adventure. So it's like
how do you want to proceed from here?
Hey, that's just a little bit expensive.
Okay, so I haven't said are you doing
it? So there's no no, right? But what it
is, it's allowing that conversation to
progress naturally without it getting
combative because at no stage am I
asking for a definitive, right? But if I
say, how do you proceed from here? And
they go, yeah, I'm in. They go, all
right, cool. Next steps from here are
pretty easy, right? Or they can go, nah,
it's it's just a bit expensive right
now, you know? Um, it's okay. Money
aside, though, do you feel like this
would be the answer? So then from there
they give me I finish my money
objection, right, which I'm teaching in
my course right now, right? If you guys
still want to join, you can still join,
right? Eight weeks of objection handling
hardcore for like 49 bucks. Link in the
description, right? So it's like once
you finish that, then you go through and
you can go into partner and then it's
like because I finished the money. Okay,
so that budget works. Yep. Okay, how do
you want to proceed? Yeah, that's that
that would all work. I just want to
check with my partner. Okay. And if your
partner is here, yada yada yada. So see
how like it just flows naturally and
you're never trying to they're never
shutting doors in your face, right? So
that means it doesn't get combative, but
again it takes a little bit more skill
set to do that because you're leaving
the conversation quite wide, right? It's
not narrowing in scope. So it's a more
advanced technique, but I feel like it's
a better one in most situations. Okay,
so that's my take on a bunch of
different pitches. I know it's a pretty
quick video covering an awful lot of
information. If you do want more
information, you can go down. And
there's a whole bunch more stuff. I
think I have some pitch videos that are
linked down below. If not, you can go to
my membership. Um, but yeah, guys, hope
that was helpful. Bye. Hey guys, what's
up? Matt here. And I've noticed that a
lot of you are not subscribed. So, what
I want you to do is like go over and hit
the little subscription. Uh, it really
helps the channel out. And if you like
the kind of content that I do and you're
like, "Hey, how can I get similar
content but pay for it?" Then I have a
membership. You can go over and join
that at any stage that you want. It's
like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month. We do like live Q&As's. We have a
coaching call nearly every single day.
And there's like well over 100 videos
and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So if you want to check that out,
go for it. Uh you know, sign up through
YouTube, cancel anytime, all that kind
of good stuff. Bye.
