Most people think that being good at
sales is about having the right script
or objection handling or having like
some word tracks. But after 50,000 sales
calls and building multiple aerial
companies and being the top 1% sales rep
making over a million year in
commissions, I can tell you that that's
just not the case. So in this video, I'm
going to tell you the top 10 skills that
you need to acquire, okay, in order to
become a top 1% sales rep. And the last
one is the most important. Okay, so
skill set number one and in no
particular order except for the last one
is the most important is listening.
Okay, most people do not listen. They
talk a lot. They do not listen. And when
I say listen, I mean when I review
calls, I can hear people's gears turning
in real time. Okay, so if you haven't
memorized your script or like your
framework, whatever it is you're using,
and you're having to actively think of
the next thing that you're going to say,
then you are not listening. It is the
same as like when you're talking to
somebody and you know they're not
listening to you. They're just or you're
arguing with somebody and they're just
waiting to formulate their next word or
argument. Okay? They're not actually
taking in what you are. It's like having
a debate. This kills sales because most
people will tell you how to unlock the
code. Most people will tell you exactly
what they need to hear in order to be
sold, but you're not really listening.
Okay? So, if you learn to do that,
you'll be a lot better at sales. So,
make yourself easy. Memorize whatever
you're doing so you can just listen to
the prospect. Okay? Number two, tonality
control. Okay? Having precision over
your language makes it way easier.
English, I think, is like it's it
English is the the biggest language by a
long way. So, I'm tremendously grateful
that I get to sell in English, okay?
Because they have the most amount of
control over the words that you can use
cuz those are more precise words. I
think it's double the size of the
nearest language. But tonality is pretty
ubiquitous across all things. I can't
speak for eastern cultures, but I can
speak for Western cultures where like
tonality, we are born and bred to
understand it. Okay, there are some
really cool there's a book like a
children's book called like no meu this
is for you where with just different
tonality it changes it. So no mu this is
for you. No moo this is for you.
>> No Magoo this is for
>> you.
>> They're all slightly different variants
of the same thing and they all denote
different context. And so understanding
that and having good control over your
tonality means that you can be really
precise and you can lead a person down a
path to answer a question in a highly
predictable way. Okay. The next one is
objection handling. Understanding how to
handle logistical objections is the most
important thing for you to learn when it
comes to objection handling. You don't
need to worry about reframes and all
that kind of stuff. If you have a good
pitch, present a good argument, build
urgency, build a gap, understand their
problem, and present a coach and
solution, and then you can handle
logistical concerns mostly around money,
you will be fine in objection handling.
You can go deeper down the rabbit hole.
I did for a very long time. I'm not
saying don't do it, but in the terms of
the things that you need to do,
objection handling, money is way more
important than the other ones. The next
one is all about emotional control. So,
like being able to
uh convey the right emotion at the right
time. Like your energy is contagious,
right? So, if you're [ __ ] miserable,
>> they're going to be [ __ ] miserable.
>> Um if you're like way over the top
excited, then you're probably going to
put them off. But you need to be able to
like hold a nice even kill throughout a
sales call, not get too excited, not get
too down, and you need like you're there
to be like their rudder to steer them in
the right direction. So, if you don't
have control over your own stuff, it
makes it very difficult for you to be
able to, I guess, lead someone in the
right way in order to be able to make a
sale a good amount of the time. Okay.
Number five is pipeline discipline.
Right? So, a lot of people just do not
do follow-ups and they do not have a
pipeline system. This is ridiculous
because I reckon that over the course of
my, you know, career, say 15 years. I
think about 30 to 40% of my coals, my
closes have been from pipeline. So, you
know, I I was a seven figure sales rep
for a number of years. So, I reckon I
would probably, if I hadn't have done
that, I would have lost well over seven
figures in earnings just because I
couldn't be bothered doing a real simple
pipeline. The easiest way to do it is a
whiteboard, right? And it's like uh 90
60 30 1473
sign. Put all the people who are that
far out from sale. And then when you
have a time, you just go from one to the
other, down, down, down, down, down, and
then put the amount of commissions
that's in each column. It's a good
reminder for you to do it on a regular
basis. Okay, the next one is
storytelling. All right, so being able
to tell a decent story, and I don't mean
by that, I don't mean like lie, but I
mean be able to like use analogies and
stuff like that to get someone to think
in a certain way, right? There was this
really influential guy called Jesus, and
he spoke mainly in parables. Okay,
there's a lot of reasons for that, but
one of the reasons is because like it's
a fantastic way to espouse
extraordinarily complex things into uh
simple day-to-day I guess very relatable
ways. Okay, so like for example in the
Bible Jesus talks about your faith and
then like whether your faith is like a
seed. Okay, and if you can spread the
seed on rocky ground, okay, it doesn't
go deep, doesn't root, so it only lasts
for a time and then it goes away. It can
be in I can't remember it exactly but it
can be in fruitful ground where it grows
and it's big and it's beautiful and it
lasts a long time and it it goes forth
and it multiplies right and so like this
is a really good parable. It's a great
analogy a story to tell to espouse a
complex thing into a very simple thing.
Okay, so it's a phenomenal way to
espouse that. Right, the next one is
pattern interrupts. Okay. So, being able
to divert someone, um, which goes into
the next one, but, uh, pattern
interrupts are incredibly important. So,
um, whether it's with follow-ups, using
means or gifts, or whether it's like
going, "Oh, oh, sorry, there's a fly,
whatever." Right? You know, you can do
an old school sales tactic like that.
>> But being able to it breaks people out
of autopilot mode, and that's what you
need to do to redirect people when
required. The next one is a really
important one, which is literally the
reasons why I started Dollar.io, O is
speed to lead. I think uh Harvard and
MIT released a joint study together uh
and HubSpot as well. I think where it
was if you have a less than 5 minute
speed to lead, you have a 100x more
likelihood in order to actually get that
person to buy. So if you're a closer and
like you're sitting there and like
you're not doing anything and you have
like leads coming through, if if you
just have a quick speed to lead, right?
And like you see someone come in, you
give them a call, you're on to it. Like
you have a very high likelihood of
closing that person. It's scientifically
proven. So like
>> why the [ __ ] don't you do it? Well,
because I got sent for that and I'm an
inbound closer and
it's like idiot.
>> Okay, this is stupid. All right, so
speed to lead incredibly important. If
you want more information, go down
description dialer.io best speed to lead
system on the planet. The number nine,
asking for referrals. Asking for
referrals is never done by anybody,
okay? It's because people don't
understand how referrals work. Referrals
work is that most people say no to
giving you a referral. If you ask 50
people, maybe only one or two say yes,
but one of those people will give you
like 50 referrals. Okay? So, you just
keep asking until you find it. Okay? You
don't stop. You just do it all the time.
I used to ask every single person that I
sold for a referral at day 21 or
whatever a success point in whatever
you're doing with. If you sell cars, you
could do it, you know, like the moment
they get the car home or whatever. or
you know if you sell houses you give
them a call on settlement day
>> yada yada yada right
>> like these are these are high points
emotional high points happy people are
more likely to refer I'm a super referer
if I like someone's product or service
I'll refer to absolutely [ __ ]
everybody okay the last and most
important skill set is the ability to
stack questions in the right order at
the right time okay so and a lot of this
is done through probing and clarifying
so they're non-scripted questions that
you have like why is that? For how long?
Are you sure? Little things like that.
And putting questions in an order that
unlocks a door that was previously
locked. If I were to ask you, hey, how
much money do you make? You might be
weirded out by that and not want to do
it. But if you're a sales rep and I go,
okay, well, how many calls are you
doing? How many of those show up? Okay,
cool. And how many hours a week are you
working? Okay. And like what percentage
commission do you get? Okay. And how
many deals do you close? And and what's
the average sale value? And okay. Okay.
So, you're doing about this many deals,
like this many calls, this many show up.
This is your close. This is the average
like cash value. This is the percentage
commission. So, you make this much
money. Is that right? Okay. How does
that compare to where you'd want to
make? Okay. So, I just figured it out
through stacking questions in the right
order, but it's not obvious what I'm
doing. One, cuz I did out of order,
right? So, it's harder to follow. Okay.
But that's how I used to always get
those real sticky questions, those more
difficult ones. I used to get them out
of people that way because like it's
just a train of a train of questions
that are stacked in a particular order
in order to get an outcome that I want.
Okay, but these are the skill sets that
have built my career, right? If you want
to learn more about this kind of stuff,
uh then you can go to my YouTube
membership. It's down below. It's uh the
best thing on the internet, guaranteed.
Best thing on internet. My mom thinks
so. Anyway, but if you want to be in the
top 1% of reps, then uh you know, follow
these things. Do these things, be these
things, like, subscribe, YouTube. Bye.
Hey guys, what's up? Matt here. And I've
noticed that a lot of you are not
subscribed. So, what I want you to do is
like go over and hit the little
subscription. Uh, it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do and you're like, "Hey,
how can I get similar content but pay
for it?" Then I have a membership. You
can go over and join that at any stage
that you want. It's like $49 a month up
to about $200 a month. And we do like
live Q&As. We have a coaching call
nearly every single day and there's like
well over 100 videos and I upload like
sort of private trainings and stuff that
I do all the time. So if you want to
check that out, go for it. uh you know,
sign up through YouTube, cancel any
time, all that kind of good
