What's going on, party people? Hello. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Ho. Ho. Okie dokie. How's everyone doing? We all going well? Good. Good. This is a Q and A. So, you guys got the Q's. I got the A's. Let's do it. Well, I mean, if you guys are shy, I mean, yeah, I got a question to be fair. How you doing though anyway? Are you good? No. Yeah, I'm good, man.
Got no complaints. Nice, bro. So, yeah. So, yeah. Um so now when when it comes to um so so me I I sell in the face to face now home improvement field. Um and I I feel like one of the biggest issues that I face now mainly is that I often get a lot of price objections just because the sort of people that I sell to they they just sort of compare um like prices now.
So, so I I would say the only the only good thing that we have is that we are the best um home improvement company in in the UK anyway. So, so selling so pretty much selling them on the on the actual product and the value on the company is is good. However, now the the only issue that they usually have now is that they feel like they can they can get windows now somewhere else for cheaper, which is the case because let's let's say doing a full house of windows cost about 6K.
We come in at least 12. Yeah. Are you better? Uh yeah. Yeah, we are better in terms of products in terms of um a well-known company. However, so I'll give you I'll give you a bit an example, right? Because um so I remember I was buying a like years ago I was buying I was getting a new garage door for my house, right? And I got three quotes, right? And I went with the most expensive guy.
Um it wasn't because I'm like balling out of control and like it was like it's just he had what I consider to be the most professional. He was the most professional out of everyone by a country mile. And he also had a back-end service which wasn't like an automatic maintenance where it was like really simple and easy where they came in every six months, right? Did maintenance on it and it was like a regular continuity thing.
So it was a really good business model, but he was like really professional the way that he came in. His quoting was accurate. He like assessed the problem and the needs that I had. It's just just a garage door, mate. But he was there's different types of garage doors. There's different types of windows.
And it's about value is simply like people are like like you have to kind of get it out of your head that uh people are going to be based buy basically pure purely on price, right? So the moment you start thinking that then you'll start going like uh you know and you will make a series of assumptions on people that like hinder your sales dramatically.
What you have to focus on is establishing the most amount of value. The way that you do that is by listening to people and they feel like their problems are being understood, right? Like that's like that is the way to combat it because you can't make your company cheaper, nor should you. Um, so what you have to do is establish value.
The way that you do that is understand their problems and then you link your your solution to their problems. If the standards guys come and go, "Yeah, man. We're going to do this many windows. They're going to look great. They're going to be this going to cost this much money.
" But if your pitch is like, hey, based off what you said, this is the windows that I recommend. Remember how you said this? Well, the reason why I'm recommending this is that, right? And because what I want you to do is prevent this long term because I know that this and this and this is like likely to happen as it comes into winter.
Hey, the UK gets cold. We're going to prevent some, you know, some uh unnecessary heating bills, right? By having your like triple glazed windows. And you actually present things in a way that solves their problems. And then you present the right solution for them, not just the one that kind of makes sense or fits within like their their budget.
And that's because like, you know, I've gone into I I've sold things for $7,000 where the retail price was 1,500. It's not because I was being a douchebag. It's because like I thought it was so undervalued because it was such a good product and I was like, "Oh, I reckon I can sell this for way more." And then just sold it.
And it was like people will buy whatever um you know and the value of something like you know you have a look at a Louis Vuitton bag. Does it cost much more to make a Louis Vuitton bag than what it does to make a Michael Kors bag? Not really. No. They buy because there's a perceived value attached to it. And so your job is to how do you how do you invoke that? And the way you do it is like by extreme professionalism going there like and and creating the theater that's required in order to like demand the value.
Does that make sense? No, it it does. It does. So I I would I would like say in like my sort of scenarios now. So like let let's like say you you now want a door installed in your house now. And now uh the biggest reason why why you just want the door installed in your house now is just because of of the way it looks.
Let let's just like say there's no real problem with the door itself now. You just want a new door because the door itself is old. Problems that I don't know about. Like is it a front door or is it an interior door? Like a a front door. Okay. So, is it is it going to be solid? Is it going to be all weather? Is it going to swell in the winter time? Is my wife going to be able to open it when it swells? So, do we need to go with more of a hardwood that doesn't swell so that we don't then have to get a chippy in to come in and shave it down? Right. and then all of a sudden
we've got a draft in the in the summer and we've got it [ __ ] so tight in the winter we can't even we can't even open it and close it. Does that make sense? Like there are there are problems associated with things um that people don't know and it's up to you as a salesperson to understand those problems that they may or may not even know about and then ask the questions to get the answers so that you can go okay well you know we have a couple of options based off what you've said and based off where you are also what direction does your
house face in Australia if your house faces north like you're getting an awful lot of direct sunlight right so like you know that will change how the wood weathers and how it weathers and so like there are a lot of variables there like do you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
No, I I I completely understand that. But what it's like it just just seems in like in like my my scenario now. So, for example, I'm not sure how much doors cost where you are, but like here now you're able to buy a door now for I'm I'm going to stop you, mate, because what what you're doing is you're you're you're wanting me to tell you that it's okay, man.
It's just people buy on price, right? Like there's uh I sell my dialer is like three times the cost of most. So, Right? Do you know what I mean? And so like I'm I'm telling you that the answer is you need to like get out of the headsp space that price matters, okay? Like be hyperconident. I have a guy on my committed coaches team.
Everyone's like, "Oh, the leads are [ __ ] shit." You know what I mean? And they're broke. And meanwhile, this guy comes in and he's selling everyone like 600 bucks, right? [ __ ] And then I I have a goal setting session with him and I go, "Man, what the [ __ ] you doing? Like, how you going to make any money?" And he goes, "Oh.
" And then he's like, "Oh, I need to sell them for 2,000." Then just started selling everyone at 2,000. Then he realized he needed to sell at 3,400 on average to make the money he wanted to make. He then shifted his pitch to 3,400. Obviously, it's a different, you know, like deliverables. He only pitches that his close rate is higher. It's the exact same leads.
He is higher at 3,400. His godwin. Yeah, he's a [ __ ] savage, right? He's going to make 35 grand in coms this month doing outbound selling [ __ ] supplements to like 70-year-olds, right? He's just [ __ ] savage. And it's the exact same leads, exact same dude. Like, he just put together a $3,400 bundle and he's selling it at a higher rate because he's more convicted and like that's what he needs to sell to hit his goals and he thinks it's a better package and it's the same everything.
So what I'm saying is like mate just like be if you are trepidacious in what you sell nobody will want to give you money right you need to be hyper convicted and be like yeah you can go the cheap option but it's your house it's your front door it's the barrier between you and the rest of the world if you want to do that mate and you want to get the cheapest one possible [ __ ] by all means but for me if I could put a goddamn steel vault in the front of my house you better believe I'm doing Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, it
does. It does. I got I I got to move on though. But I hope that helps. Yeah, it does. With Big Shay. Yes, Matt. Hope you're doing well, man. Um, by the way, Dyla's been doing a great job on one of the accounts I'm managing. High operator. So, that's HCOS. So, that's uh halal cos halos. Yeah. Yeah, that's the one.
Oh, [ __ ] Welcome to you my friend. Salam. Thank you brother. I was going to say um the other thing is I'm going to start managing a trading account where we have over 30k buyer leads just sitting there. So I was going to ask you what do you think is the best approach? We could either go down the route sorry email. Email email to booking a call or do you think just outbound closing? Email to hand raise handra to outbound.
But you need a good copywriter and you need to do segmented testing. Don't you dare just send 30,000 [ __ ] emails all at once. You need to do a test of like doses of like say 250 300 people. You you you do different you do like different uh headlines. You do a subject and then you have like your you know you have your headline and then you have your copy and then you have your CTA, right? So obviously the open rate is going to be dictated by the uh subject.
Okay? You know what I mean? And then you've got like how many people read the email and then click onto the thing and then how many people like kind of raise their hand or whatever, right? Or like or like do the action. So you've got to do small tested segmented emails. Okay? And then from there you find the winner and then you blast it.
Okay? Right now you you probably also would want to consult someone who knows a little about email because like 30,000 is a big enough dose to where you could [ __ ] your domain if you do it badly. But if they're all buyers, how is the list being emailed at all? No. terrible email marketing, terrible funnel. Yeah.
So, like there's there's some trickiness to that. Like you might want to look at someone who really knows what they're doing, right? Who can help you out with that because like you can burn domains. Email and phone number are really similar and where like if you if you just start [ __ ] blasting out emails like and your open rate is [ __ ] and you have a high bounce rate like your whole domain gets flagged and then you can't even [ __ ] get an email for like a reminder to come to a call to go through. Yeah, that makes sense. set up
like a different domain, put them over, do some try and come out. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, man. Appreciate it. But I wouldn't just call 30,000 people. It just it's just a monumental effort and like the amount of [ __ ] you're going to get back is going to be [ __ ] So, I would just I would do email. Sweet ass. All right.
Who's next? Matt, I had a uh question about um clear objection handling. Um, does it does it matter like which order you do the refframes in? Because I've seen a couple of videos where you say to like railroad into Ireland and then I've seen a couple where it's like you do the perspective first.
Does it matter or does it just matter that you have like three or four that you go to? So then you just sort of cycle through them. Yeah. So the easiest way is to use like a perspective type reframe first because like it's just a like it's [ __ ] borderline logic trap. Right. So like but you have to have gone through like your logistical.
So if someone's like money, deal with money, time, partner, whatever. And then if you've gone through that and there's no kind of like logical reason to not move forward, then the the easiest one is like, well, okay, well, based off where you are, it kind of makes sense that you're thinking that because we all make decisions based off our current perspective.
Do you agree? And they go, yes. Then you're [ __ ] like now you're on my train and then from there it's like the only problem is if we continue to make decisions in that manner and with that perspective it's the only place that we can ever be right and so like let me give you an example and then the island analogy like it's good it's hard to pull off you know what I mean like I like I used to do it I probably wouldn't do it anymore it's still good like it works don't get me wrong it [ __ ] works like it's a very visual like it it puts
somebody makes them very introspective but if you're not good at pulling it off. Like if you can't pause at the right places and use the right tones and stuff like that to make some and use the the difficulty with that one is that you have to use the correct first and third party, right? Like you have to be able to interchange that at the right times because um if you want someone to become introspective and have a more associative feeling, they have to be in the first person.
So that means looking through their own eyes, not looking at themsel like a video game. So, you know what I mean? Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. It's difficult. But there there are some easier ones. There are some easier, more logic trappy ones, which is like um you know, like let me ask you a question.
Are you happy with where you're at right now? And if they go, well, if they say yes, and you can argue with that and go, well, really? And then you can go like scale of 1 to 10, then you can get them back down because like they're not close to their goal. You know what I And then it's like, well, so, okay, so are you happy where you're at? No, I'm not.
Why is that? Well, this, this, and this. Okay, in the decision- making process, I really try and avoid the term mindset. Mindset is a very triggering word, right? So, it's like for the decision-m process, it's got you to be where you are, and that's causing you to feel the exact way that you are right now have these feelings of hesitation and like, you know, because we know the money works, we know that the program works, we know that this is you've said this is the best move for you.
How much longer do you want to allow that decision- making process to dictate your life and your results moving forward? And then you make them agree on a time frame. So it's like, do you want to allow it to affect you for two more months, two more weeks, two more days? Like how long? Well, not much longer.
Yeah, but how much longer? Well, I don't I don't really want it to. Well, why not? Okay, so what do you need to do to put yourself in a position to where you can actually start moving? So like you see how like that kind of like it's quite an easy you know like one like once they agree to that paradigm it's really difficult to sort of get out of logically um you know so use with caution I would say yeah if they still went people have taught that but I made that [ __ ] up that's one of the only things that I'll say I [ __ ] I I I made that up I
[ __ ] I scripted that [ __ ] myself if they still went u like yeah but I just still need to think about it would you then go to an analogy from there or so I mean you're like yes okay but like you need to so then you're you you want to remove the the decision to to transact and you want to like uh so if someone's like kind of on the fence and scared right like the it's the transaction that is the scary bit so what you're looking to do is move them forward in like small periodic chunks of like low commitment, you know? So, it's
like, you know, from a hug to a kiss, from a, you know, from, you know what I mean? You're moving the ball forward until you're [ __ ] you know, tied up and you can't and you can't speak, right? So, you know, but it's a series of kind of escalating events, you know what I mean? Um, and and so, you know, these days, I think it probably happens a bit faster, but uh so so you know, you're looking at like, okay, man, like like that makes sense.
And you know, you don't have to purchase, but you know, what do you need to do to put yourself in a position to where you're actually, okay, where you're actually moving the ball forward and and and moving towards your goal. Well, I need this. Okay. And how much longer do you want to put off getting that? Well, not much longer.
Okay? Why not? All right. And so it's not about you buying today, but it's about you committing to do the things that put you in a position to be able to win because dude, there's no guarantees. You you you could do this and it could flop. You could do this and you know it could work out great.
You know what I mean? But if you do nothing, the only thing I can guarantee is that you'll be in the exact same position of where you're at, right? So like what do you need to do? And then you just keep coming back to that and you remove that barrier of like let's not commit to transact. Let's commit to commit.
Once we commit to commit, then we can commit to a next step, which might be like, well, you know, I really need to get some help with XYZ. Okay. So, now that we know that, do you commit to getting help? Yes. Okay. When? Mhm. Then it's like, well, what's the [ __ ] point of putting it off? Essentially, you know what I mean? It's like, well, if you're committing to this, we know it works.
We know you can afford it. You know you're doing that, you know? And then you get to the point where you've set all that up and you've gone through a couple and you go, "Hey man, like just between me and you, like what's holding you back?" And just be quiet, be silent, and just allow them to fulminate in that. And if they're just like, "Dude, I'm just [ __ ] super scared to move ahead.
" And it's like, I get it, man. But you know what I tell my son is that, you know, being courageous is the only thing you can think and actually be the because if you're terrified and you do it and you fake not being terrified, but you do it anyway, dude, that's being [ __ ] courageous. So you can sit there and do nothing or you can do something.
But like don't allow the illusion that standing still is actually not moving away. Time moves in one direction, dude. So you're either going towards or away and you got to pick one and either one is fine. So what do you want to do from here? You know what I mean? And like once you've gone through those, like you've closed a lot of gates. Yeah.
Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. That's really helpful. Thank you. Yeah. All right. Uh Mr. Franklin. Yep. Um, yeah, I just had a question regarding really just like prioritizing appointment setting. Um, so right now we're essentially spending like 2K a day on Facebook. Um, and the the applications are around like 80 to 90 bucks per application.
Um, I'm like much more experienced in the closing calls and appointment setting. I've never really done it before. So, I can see how we can probably scale like another 50 to 100% purely through just what we're doing now. But I'm curious as to like how much of a mistake is it to I guess overlook appointment setting and like at what point should I really prioritize like mastering that so that we don't just have booked calls straight off Facebook? Can you like give me a little bit of a like try that again bit clearer synopsis? I was just following the the I
was struggling to follow logic train. Yeah. Um pretty much we're just not doing any So we're spending 2K a day on Facebook ads, but we're not doing any appointment setting. Okay. So you're just getting the inbound. Yes. Yeah. Okay. So um what's the rise? Uh it's 2x on cash, but it's a recurring product.
So initial purchase is around 1K. Uh it costs 500 to get a sale and then the LTV should be around like 6 to 7K. I think the only problem that I see with that is that you know Meta has a [ __ ] if you're if you're targeting shits to bed like you're going to a 2K like CAC pretty quick, right? So and you have no backup mechanism, you know? So, um, are you going like landing page VSSL then optin? Uh, it's actually VSSL on Facebook and it goes straight to a type form.
Okay. And then are you retargeting the people who watch but don't? Yeah. So, we have retargeting ads on Facebook. Um, what's the watch time on that VSSL? Uh, so it's a native video in Facebook that you're promoting and using that as a VSSL. Yeah. Yeah. So, I'm not I'd have to check the watch time, but the stats that I do know is it costs like 17 bucks for someone to watch the full thing.
Um, so yeah, I mean, yeah, I what I would do is like I would just run parallel marketing that gets phone number, right, for now. And then if you like you could just take the people that watch say two minutes and above, you know what I mean? Or a minute and above and then do retargeting. That would be a cheap retargeting audience.
It's going to be really easy to set up and then retarget them with like a high quality lead magnet that is basically a synopsis of what they learn in the VSSL. Assuming it's some sort of educational VSSL and it's not just like a straight buy my [ __ ] right? Where like it could be more like Yeah. Okay.
But there's got to be some sort of hook that's getting them in to watch it. Yeah. Right. What's the hook? Uh the hook is essentially we'll double your child's English grades in three months or you don't pay. Oh yeah. English grades. Yeah. So it's it's basically school tutoring is the offer. Okay. I would do some sort of checklist, right? Like the [ __ ] you know uh after school, you know, homework checklist or some [ __ ] right? my like my son's dyslexic so like I feel the pain of like having to you know have those things. So um like I think
retargeting them with some sort of like high value uh downloadable that gets their phone number as a part of it and then from there you know that you're dealing with people. So you're sort of going to end up with really cheap leads from that because they already watched a percentage of the VSSL and you're going to end up with name, email, phone number from it.
that gives you an alternative mechanism to where you can then get high value leads and the outbound for that is easy because it's like hey I saw that you downloaded the five steps to you know getting your kids [ __ ] like literacy homework up or whatever it is right and it's like you know what is it that kind of sparked your interest I know that you would have also kind of watched some of our some of our video like how can I help so it's quite an easy leading and it would be cheap and I think if you diverted like 10% of ad spend towards it and then you started
that at least then you could like prank that if it started working well. Yeah. You know, and then you know potentially run like you know weekly info sessions. Yeah. Where you do like a live info session and then you can like send the out those outbound people to that live info session at like 8:00 at night or something like that, right? After the kids are in bed.
Um or like nine like nine o'clock even whatever. And then from there um I used to do some work with like Autism 360. Do you know them? Uh, no I haven't actually. They work specifically with parents and co do coaching for like they're in Australia do coach for kids with autistic. So they might actually be a good JV for you. Yeah.
Um uh yeah I don't know um if you can you're probably in there Tom. Are you friends with me on Facebook or something on Instagram? Send me a DM on Instagram or something. Um, and I'll um I'll connect you with with those guys because they they got a good operation and like very very similar demographic but a different product because they're, you know, dealing with that but they they get a lot of like parents that aren't right for them anyway.
So from like a strategy. Yeah. No, that does make sense. I think it's good as well because like I haven't done a huge amount of outbound. Um, I'm much more confident with like the I guess closing calls. So, I can see how that's a good way to get into it without it. Yeah, just a bit easier. It's also cheap, easy, like retargeting.
It's not going to cost you a bunch. So, yeah. All right, let's go with uh I think it was uh Ben, then Melvin. So, Ben Ben Kzenbuck. Yeah, new guy. I've been watching binge watching the train. Yeah, that German name. Um, so I just I was doing solar for six years. I just switched over to a new it's like a high ticket social media growth offer.
Um, and I am only talking to like CEOs who are making like above 500k a month. Um, and I'm really struggling. Like I was watching you and Marco's uh role play on on YouTube and you had mentioned something about how like that situation question part is it can be the trickiest the most critical to kind of go into like a very succinct problem awareness.
And in in this offer on the script that we have, there's like eight kind of like situation questions that we're supposedly supposed to ask every time. But I find that it's taking like 15 minutes plus just to get through that. And then to get to the problem awareness, it's already kind of like we've already had four mini like, okay, do you like that? Are you happy with that? How's that working? And so to ask that question again at that point feels kind of redundant.
So I'm wondering like am I over complicating it? Is it literally as simple as like asking a few questions about like, okay, what do you have going on with social media marketing? And then like you social media. So it's like you're you're selling like it's an agency selling social media marketing for business like SMB type businesses.
It's like a it's like social media growth. So Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok, YouTube. Um it's a six-month package. Either 144K or 36K for the six months. Um and it's a 10 million view guarantee. Um and and it's pretty much like lead genen and brand awareness are kind of results. What's the is it SMBs though? Like I don't I don't even know what that means.
like small to medium business like you're talking to guys like you're talking to the founders and the CEOs like Yeah. Yeah. You're talking to the face of the brand. They're not they're not big, right? They're not like that's a B sale. So you can sort of like you can sort of chuck out the B2B like it's B2B but it's not you know like B2B is generally going to be something where it's a more complicated sales environment.
And by complicated I don't mean difficult. By complicated I mean like multiple decision makers and department. So if you're talking direct to the person, I just treat it like B TOC, right? Generally speaking, um uh what I would do is I would have a look at those situation questions. I would put them into chat DPT and be like, "Hey, is is there a way that I can like uh combine some of these questions together, you know, and be like, can like can you make this eight questions into four where I am still able to get the same
answers, but like it makes sense." And then you want to if you can get them more conversationally, it's better. Situation questions can end up feeling a bit like the Spanish Inquisition. Yeah. you know, um, so like, you know, it's just a lot of Yeah, you could ask the little AI bot that you guys have access to, right? You know, wherever the [ __ ] that is.
Uh, I'm trying to organize that course. My god, YouTube makes it difficult. So, I don't know if you guys can see, but now I've got playlists for most of them. And then I'm putting the end card of each video as the next video in the course, right? And then it's got like each one, every single link should be in each description for like the next videos and stuff like that.
I'm trying to organize it. It's very difficult because it's not like an LMS. So, you just kind of got to make it up on the spot, but I'm trying to make that [ __ ] membership area actually make sense. But, I'm slowly but surely doing I reckon in the next like week it should all be done um with all the modules in like in a specific playlist level one module one level one module two and then it's just a playlist you go through and it should be nice and easy and actually make sense and then I'm going to be doing a 8week objection handling intensive
where any member gets to be a part of it and it's going to be like three times a week and I'm going to have like guests like Cole's going to do some training which will be Uh Cole Gordon. Um Road's going to do some training. Yash is going to do some training. Uh so it's going to be like eight week three times a week.
Whether you pay 49 bucks or 199 bucks, everyone's getting a part of it. My plan is to get a thousand people into it. I I just signed up, man. I just want to say the world putting this together because um you know you made it accessible for sales guys like me who are not really quite good enough to put out 20 grand for sales training right now and uh and it's really big value man that's all I want to say.
No easy I appreciate it. Um, okay. But Ben, getting back to your question. So, I would do that, summarize it. Also, have a uh get the transcript of the calls and then like um put that into whatever AI you like to use and then be like, you know, with the answers to these questions, can we see common threads where I can reduce that into four to five? because eight like eight situation questions it's just it ends up being like quite a it ends up it will feel like a very transactional call and then it's going to be hard to get into you
know the sort of you know the the sort of problems and stuff like that. So um that's what I would do. Do I need to like is it too broad to say do you like like the the social media marketing you have in place or do I need to go deep or do I need to do more broad and say do you like the marketing you have in place in general? I don't even think you need to ask that because they're on the call, right? Yeah.
So, do they like it? They do not. Well, then I think it's probably a safe assumption, you know? So, like what I would do, like we could role play and I could be like, "Hey, Ben. Hey. Hey, Ben. Looks like you booked in a call about, you know, possibly getting some help with some social media strategies. Um, how can I help?" Uh, yeah. I just saw your ad.
um you know saw you guys had like a 10 million view guarantee and you know thought it was interesting so I I booked one. Okay. What is it about that that you found kind of you know sparked your interest? Well, it just seems like an insane guarantee. Like I I I don't even know if I believe that you guys can do that, but if you can then I mean it'd be awesome.
Okay. So, what are you doing at the moment to like get more views? uh you know I got like a internal team that's that's doing some things you know an intern and I work on the content sometimes and um we're just you know posting as consistently as we can. Okay. So do you have like but that's like what you do kind of dayto-day.
What are you doing at the moment to kind of like or like what's the outcome that you're looking for at the moment? Do you want to like grow any channel in particular? Like what's the kind of like what's the goal? Oh yeah. Um, obviously we want to get more more more leads through our social media. Like we're just not getting any views.
We're not getting anybody, you know, opting into our XYZ thing. And so, and then also we'd like to be kind of more of an authority in the space. So, getting how long have you been trying to figure that out for? I don't know. We just started looking into it. Like really, I just saw the ad and I thought it was interesting, but I haven't really thought about it much before that. Okay.
Okay. Well, I mean, you got an internal content team and, you know, you're not really getting many views. So, like, how long has that problem kind of existed for? Uh, well, pretty much since we started posting, so I guess like, you know, a year ago we started posting. So, probably for Yeah, about a year. Okay.
So, it's been going on for a year. What have uh like what shifted recently to where you're like, man, I actually kind of want to fix this? Yeah. Um, I mean, I don't know. We've just seen kind of our uh conversion rates go down. um revenue's gone down a little bit and so um the leads we are getting through like SEO and stuff they're just really cold.
Yeah. Okay. And so like ideal scenario like what do you want to see out of I guess your social media? Like what's the what's the end goal? You know I'd love to be getting you know thousands of views per post and have those views be bringing in warm leads that convert and and you know just get more clients that way. Okay.
And so like besides kind of just your team and kind of doing posting, like what are you guys actually doing to I guess kind of meaningly problem solve, drive the ball forward and fix that problem? Um, we're not really doing anything. Why not, man? What's going on? You guys just like, yeah, you know, I'm sure it'll fix itself out, right? There's been no lack of advertising of people, you know, offering to help you.
I'm sure you get DM'd 14 times a day from some dude saying they can blow your Instagram up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I just don't think we know what to do. I just think we don't we we just don't know how to do it really. That's why we haven't done anything because the things we have been trying just aren't working. Okay.
Well, you want to change that? We did. Yeah. Yeah, I do. You sure? It seems like you kind of been like letting it go, buddy. What's going on? No, no, no, no. We want to change it for sure. All right. All right. So, you know, uh break me down like what are the tangibles? Like, uh what's the main platform that you use right now? Uh Instagram mainly.
We also have a Facebook and a YouTube. Um, but we don't really touch the YouTube too much. Okay. So, is your goal your goal is obviously sales, right? And then we're going to track that back to leads, views, yada yada yada. So, like how many sales are you, you know, kind of making right now on a monthly basis? Oh, I don't know.
We'll probably do like a hundred 100 sales like 100 units. Yeah. All right. Cool. And like what's your guys' close rate from your current kind of, you know, efforts? I don't know. We probably close like I don't know, three or four out of 10. like 30 40%. Okay, not bad. And what's your guys' like program worth? Um, you know, it's probably, you know, it ranges.
We have a low-end like a thousand, high-end 10,000. What's your average like front-end kind of cash collected? We do a lot more of the low-end stuff. So, maybe like, you know, two or 3K. Okay. Two or 3K. Okay. So, you guys are at like say 200 250 a month. New cat. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah, it's about right. Okay. Cool.
And I guess like you know before you started talking to me like what real tangible ways have you been doing to actually kind of increase the views so you can get you know I guess more of those higher paying customers and you know stop kind of spinning your wheels on the views. Oh we run paid ads but um you know they they haven't done super well.
Um and then the organic stuff um you know we've again we just have that internal team that's kind of been spinning their wheels and hasn't really gotten any results. Okay, cool. Pause. So, like that's a good amount of info. Yeah, 100%. You know, so like it's always about going like to like the like you want to in the beginning you want to figure out like what do you want? Now, how can I help is a very difficult way to start a sales call.
I don't recommend it, but it's what I do, right? But it's sort of like when you do it well, it's the best way, but it's not the best way for most people. Yeah. Okay. Like, you know what I mean? like an F1 car is the best car, but I wouldn't recommend driving it to the [ __ ] shops, right? That's it's kind of, you know, so um because it's really ambiguous, but I had also I had to do that because I don't know the offer, so I had to make it up.
So, um but what you want to do is you want to get like the whole point of like connecting questions is just to get the outcome. That's it. And what I don't want to do is get into the minutia of like their current strategies because I they don't work. So, I don't care. And if it's not going to change the prescription, then it's not really super relevant information, right? So like with all those situation questions that you're asking right now, now I'm not telling you to not ask them because like at the end of the day,
you're a sales rep that works for a business, but you can just optimize what you're doing. So you're not just going to be like, "But Matt said, like [ __ ] do I know, right? Like I'm just like I don't know the offer that well, so I can't, you know what I mean? Um, so but you know you can optimize it but what you're looking for is like overall outcome. Okay.
Then from there you're going to move into like what are you doing about that in particular? Okay. Um, and then it's like the problems are like you know your situation is like what are you doing about that? The issue is if you have too many situation questions, you go into rabbit holes that are very difficult to get out of and you end up having quite technical conversations that sort of mean nothing and don't actually change the prescription.
And so all it does is like make the problems more cloudy. Um, and if the problem set becomes too big, then you end up sort of making too large of a problem, which then makes the solution uh much more of a like they have to think about it a lot more and so you induce objections, right? So, it's about the right amount of problem, the right amount of solution, you know, otherwise they're they're too far down that buyer's pocket to where like it's, "Oh, man, you've given me so much to think about.
" And they think they're going to have to overhaul their entire [ __ ] business, right? Which you don't want. So, and then it's like the the situation, what are you doing about it? Problems. Is it working? What's what's not working? Like, how is it not working? And then it's like rationale question, which I kind of skipped, but rationale, you're trying to get rid of the DIYs.
It's like, hey, what's so I can see the rational behind why you're looking for, I guess, someone to come in and help you out, actually create a system and a structure around your content so you can get more leads. What's the main reason for wanting to do it that way rather than just, you know, you could boost posts? You could just, you know, like, you know, you could just post more, right? More more posts, more views.
It's like, well, I already [ __ ] post a ton. It's like, all right, well, how many posts are you doing at the moment? And then what are you getting from that? And then like you can create kind of a stacked series of like logistical questions that create their current state. I like to do it out of order because then they they can't follow the logic so they don't lie or like you know tell you about their [ __ ] [ __ ] numbers like that they did once you know I make about 20 sales a month.
How many did you make this month? Oh like 12 month before that 12. So, you make 12 sales a month, but you did no, we did that 20 that one time. Well, let's not work off that, right? And then from there, you're going into like your ideal criteria, you know? So, it's like, hey, if you know, you're able to do that.
And then from there, you're going into your solution, which is like, okay, you know, now that we have problem, a criteria, we know that you need some help doing it. Like, what is what is that tangible? what does it give you in terms of authority, in terms of revenue, in terms of like emotional kind of like tie down? Then we go into consequence, uh, which doesn't have to be huge.
You can just be like, "Okay, and like what do you think of the potential ramifications?" If you're dealing with like more sophisticated buyers, I don't like to say consequence. I'll say like potential outcomes or ramifications, right? Um, and then from there, you just tie them down with like, "You sure? You want to do it now?" Right? And then you sell them.
Does that make sense? And when you said out of order, like what is out of order exactly with those types of questions? Okay, so let's just say I'm asking you and you're a sales rep and I go, you know, um I'm going to like if I ask you like, okay, how many calls are booked? What's your show rate? What's your close rate? What's your AOV? Right? And then like, you know what I mean? Then like and like what's your commissions? You can follow that logic train and then they will all equal to each other.
But if I go like what's your AOV? What's your show rate? Like, how many how many leads do you get? How many calls are booked? Okay. And then I'm like, so what's your close rate? Okay. So, you sold this many units. Yep. And you made this. And then, you know, and I ask in there somewhere like, what percentage of commission do you get? So, then I can ask all those questions out of order.
So, it's very difficult to follow the logic. And so, you're going to get the truth instead of like, what makes sense in that step. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. Cool. That helps a lot. Is this recorded? Can I watch this back later? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm streaming it right now. Okay, go do. Okay, good. I'm gonna have to stud like I have to go in like three minutes.
So, Melvin's question was the guy. Y Yeah. What's up, bro? Hey, man. So, uh last week um I was at uh almost uh roughly 18,000 in sales and and in commissions. And I averaged uh about seven presentations from Monday through Wednesday last week. And then Thursday, as I generate my leads from Facebook, um I didn't get no leads Thursday or Friday and my goal for the week was 20,000. So, and with D.
io, I was getting all those pickles and stuff. So, long story short, should I increase my ad spin or get another lead vendor or lead source to make to prevent that problem so I can continuously hit my weekly sales goal? I mean, I think like you also want to have some mechanisms that aren't just pure paid ads like referrals, pipeline, you know, you got your follow-ups.
You've got a you've got like like what do you sell? Life insurance. Okay. Are you in cyber insurance? I don't know everyone. So, uh no, no, no. Uh FFL. Okay, cool. So, like you know, you got warm market, you got referrals, you got pipeline, and then you've got leads, right? So you just want to make sure like you have a p like if you have your pie chart just don't be 100% new paid ads no new leads right right so like trying to create a little bit of an ecosystem because like at some stage definitely have a backup vendor that's a good idea right um and then but like
have like some of that pie chart dedicated to like referrals warm market pipeline you know what I mean because like at some stage something will [ __ ] up but What happens when you like I'm using dial.io, right? And then the the new leads are there. And let's say I want to tackle a follow-up. Let's say that was not a lead in dial.io.
Let's say from last year, I dial them from there and like I manually put it in the So, you can't actually do that. You actually have to make them as a contact and then do it that way. Right. Right. So, that's what I do. Don't Don't just don't just put the number in there. No. No. Put it Okay. Make the contact first.
Please do me that favor. All right. it will not attach to your campaigns otherwise and it won't dial them from your number. Okay? Right? So you make you add the contact and then do it that way. Right? Um but like I'll fix that. That that's not the best way to do it. But you know with like your uh you can upload a CSV file for example, right? With those leads like you might go back and upload five or 600 leads from a CSV file and then upload them in there and then you can go in there and you can just manually dial them because
they'll all be in the system and then it will track everything properly. Otherwise, like it's not going to put any of the restraints and it's not going to do it properly. It's not going to use the right numbers. It'll use a number that's probably flagged. That make sense? Yeah. But like, you know, uh just, you know, have some level of backup outside of paid ads, right? You know what I mean? And then like have your maybe your 80% paid ads, 20% between, you know, more market stuff like that. Okay. Okay. And then one more
question around that. Um I'm getting this common objection of uh I get like an old veteran and he'll be like um I I'm shopping around and I put it in the coach Matt uh Chad DP and I'm getting this I can't overcome this constant uh obsession. I'm going to I'm getting this guy or Chronom every day, at least once a day.
Like, oh, I thought you um uh No, it's not that. I'm shopping around and I'm looking at all the carriers and I'm sure you you have you're a broker. You can look at all these carriers, but I want to do my own research and my own thing. How do you I guess approach that or um I guess I would ask them like what do they do for work or what do they used to do for work, right? and then like put it in their context like oh I was a sniper be like yeah man so like if I'm buying a rifle off you obviously I want to go and do my own research right because I know what the [ __ ] I'm talking
about and be like if I came to you and your expertise and was like I see your expertise and I raised you 15 minutes of googling who do you think's going to have a better answer? Yeah. You Why is that? You know what I mean? Yeah. They're gonna they're going to do right. So, just put it in context. Use logic.
Don't Don't forget that you're a human. Like, use logic and go, "Brother, like it's like I was in Vietnam." Yeah. Yeah. And I went to Vietnam, too. It's a beautiful place. Was it the same for you, buddy? You know what I mean? Right. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, hey, we can like we can look at things and have different experiences and one of us knows what the [ __ ] we're talking about and one of us definitely doesn't, right? So, be a little bit self-deprecating and then like turn it back on to them.
But don't be afraid to be a person, you know? Don't be the [ __ ] sales robot, right? You know, just be like, "Hey, man. If I came to you and said that, like, what would you say?" You'd be like, "I'd call you a [ __ ] idiot." Yeah. Well, like, you know, unfortunately, I'm not allowed to call you a [ __ ] idiot. And they're gonna laugh because they're next veteran and that's funny, right? All right.
All right. All right, team. I gotta run. Thank you, man. Catch you guys. Bye.
