All right, guys. Let's get amongst
it. How are we?
Very good. Awesome. Welcome to the
party.
All right, let's go through. We can go
through uh questions or we can go
through role play. All right, let's
actually We got Godwin coming in.
So, all
right. All right. Who we got? Godwin,
you there?
I'm here. What's going on, brother? How
you doing, man? Good, man. All right.
You keen to do a role play? Uh, yeah. My
phone is going to die in five. I'm at
5%, but I'm walking back to my house
right now. So, if you give me like five
minutes, I can be on. All right, let's
do it. We'll do it in five minutes. Just
let me know when you're ready. Um, all
right. Let's go through some Q&A first
and foremost if you guys didn't get your
questions answered. And then what we're
going to do is go through some role
play. Okay. Has anyone got any burning
questions they'd like to get done
through
first? No. You guys are so [ __ ] shy.
What's going on? What's going on, kids?
All right, let's do role play then.
Okay. Uh, let's go
for
Andrew. Right, let's get amongst it.
Yeah. All right, let's role play. Rion,
if you could be my role play prospect
for me, that'll be good. Absolutely.
All right, let's go. All right. What are
you selling, Andrew? Um, so I've just
literally just started today with my um
outbound. So I'll make my be making my
first styles after this. Okay, perfect.
Native path. So I'm trying to get my
head around all the products still.
Okay. Well, you know, if you're going to
go live today, there's no better way
than to practice now, right? Cool. So
let's uh let's get amongst it. Go for
it.
Cool. Ring ring. Hello.
Hey. So, who am I speaking with? Ryan.
Ryan. Hey, Ryan. So, um it's it's Andrew
here. Andrew, one of the coaches here
with Native Path on a recorded line. How
you going? Oh, howdy. Hey. How you
doing? Yeah, very good. How are you? Not
bad. Not terrible. Yeah, that's good.
Look, um I'm just uh reaching out to I
saw that you placed an order with the
Native Bourberine. Is that right? Yeah.
Yeah. Cool. Yeah, they're okay. Yeah,
everything's okay. I just wanted to make
sure everything's okay on your end just
to make sure that the order went through
and um looks like we're sending
everything out to 123 ABC at Washington.
Is that right? Yeah, that's right. All
right, cool. And as far as you coming on
board here, I'm looking at what you
ordered and and the quiz that you
submitted. Do you remember that?
The quiz? Yeah. You were looking at uh
you know losing some weight. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Yeah. Uh
how much weight are you looking to lose?
Um, well, I'm 285 now. Um, trying to get
back to my fighting weight. Around 210.
210? What do you mean by fighting
weight? I mean, just, you know, when I
was a fat.
Okay. And how long how long have you
been overweight for? Well, I mean, it's
been an ongoing thing since university.
Played rugby and uh, you know, put on a
few pounds. Yeah. How many years is
that?
Going on seven now. Seven now. Okay.
All right. And um with with your weight
loss, like what do you find is the is
the biggest struggle with with trying to
lose? Oh, I just can't just can't stop
eating. I love food. I'm Mexican.
Yeah. Okay, I understand. Yeah. And um
Yeah. What What do you feel like would
help you um lose that weight? What do
you was it that you're looking for other
than supplements?
Well, how's Wells, man? If I need that,
I wouldn't. How's he how's he supposed
to know?
He might have in his mind he might be
thinking I might need something else
other than the supplements. And what if
what if he what if he doesn't? Then I
would lead him lead asking questions.
Okay. That's just a that can go down
rabbit holes very quickly. Yeah. Yeah.
That's a that's a that's a rabbit rabbit
warren chaser right there. Yeah. So you
know what what you have is you have you
want to get on track quickly,
right? So, it's like, "Hey, Ryan." Yeah.
Hello. Yeah. Hey, Ryan. What's going on,
man? It's just Nat Matt, one of the
coaches over here at Native Path. How
are you? Oh, hey. Howdy. Hey, I'm doing
good. Yeah, good man. Just let you know
we're on a recorded line. Um, it seems
like you you'd purchase some supplements
off us. I just want to make sure that
they're getting shipped out to 123 Main
Street. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. Is
everything okay with my order? Oh, yeah,
dude. Everything's fine. I just want to
make sure that you have everything you
need. I saw that you filled out a
questionnaire saying that you wanted to
lose a bit of weight. So, I'm just
giving you a call to kind of um ask you
a few questions, make sure you have
everything you need. Uh yeah, yeah,
yeah, I remember that that question.
Sure. Yeah, for sure, man. So, what kind
of attracted you into purchasing the
supplements in the first place? Um well,
like I said, I've um kind of neglected
my health for a couple years now. Oh,
yeah. Why is that? Well, you know, like
life gets in the way. You know, you stop
being an athlete. I played rugby in
university and Oh, yeah. Yeah. You just
kind of start losing those habits. Okay.
All right. Perfect, man. So, what's the
goal? You looking to lose weight, right?
Yeah. How much?
I'm 285 now and uh I want to get back to
210 unit, right? How tall are you? 612.
What What do you
I'm a very proud 5'11. So, I'm built
like a vending machine. Okay. You got
that You got that fridge. Yeah. Right.
All right. Cool. So, besides just kind
of taking some supplements, what what
what are you doing at the moment to help
lose some weight?
Um, I mean, I'm a little older. I mean,
I tried doing my old workouts, but like
everything's snapping and cracking.
Okay. So, like, have you been getting
any results? Like, what have you been
doing? Um, I mean, it's I've just been
doing this last six weeks. So, Okay. I
mean, a little bit kind of, I guess.
What happened? What What kind of shifted
recently like six weeks ago to where you
wanted to start losing some weight?
Uh, do you ever like kind of look out in
the mirror and you're just like, "Holy
[ __ ] I put on some weight." No. No.
Yeah, of course I have. Of course I
have. Right. So, what was that moment
for you? Like, what's actually like,
okay, like did you just kind of look and
go, "Holy [ __ ] I'm older and fatter."
Or like what? I mean, like, it was it
was a kind of a thing. Like, I have I
have a niece, she's two, and we took
photos for, you know, Mother's Day. And
um I was looking back at the photos in
the family group chat and I was like,
"Holy [ __ ] I'm kind of big now." So, um
Okay. And when And when was that moment?
That was like six weeks ago. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. And what have you been doing over
the last six weeks? Well, I mean after
that I was like I mean I really got to
make some changes because like I've been
eating out. I mean I just been living my
normal recourse life and Well, what
changes have you made over the last six
weeks? Oh, I mean like the supplements
obviously like kind of We haven't got
them yet. So over the last six weeks, we
haven't actually got them yet. So over
the last six weeks, well better
supplements. I just went to my local
GMC. That stuff was just garbage. Okay.
So is the answer that I'm hearing not a
whole lot over the last six weeks? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. going to the gym and like
lacing up the sneakers and going for a
jog. Just just kind of dusting them off
and shaking up. Yeah. Okay. So, why make
a shift now? Why start taking it more
seriously and actually start moving
towards a goal? I mean, this is
frustrating. I mean, like I don't really
know like what progress is and like you
know the measurements of things and like
I just feel like I'm spinning my wheels
so you know I'm just kind of you know.
Okay. Yeah. Okay. Cool. All right. So,
there's done there. So, I just want to
like conversationally kind of move the
ball down and and get to the core of the
problem, you know, like if someone's
like like if someone says things like,
"Oh, you know, 6 weeks ago or 2 months
ago or you know what I mean? It's like
what what happened then? What was it at
that time that made you do stuff?" And
then also like what have you done since
then? And if the answer is a whole lot
of nothing, I I would I would just
default challenge that and go, "Well,
why not?
Why have you done nothing since
identifying the problem? Right? Because
like that's going to be a theme and
that's going to be an issue later on
down the track, you know? And so, and
and also it's it's a good thing for you
to be able to do, right? It's a good
thing for you to be able to do because
um it will allow you to crunch them a
bit harder if they give you objections
around like, "Oh, do it [ __ ] later."
to think about it. It's like, well, you
thought about it for 6 weeks and did
absolutely nothing. So, why don't we not
do that and why don't we just actually
do something that's going to start
getting an outcome? Or you could just
sit there and think for another six
weeks and then, you know, hey, maybe the
motivation goes away because if you need
motivation to get healthy, I hate to
break a TMA, but it's not going to
happen. Motivation es and flows. Go to a
Tony Robbins [ __ ] concert or whatever
they're called, right? and and and go
get motivation for a few weeks and then
you know figure it out from there. So
you know but I think the key is just be
bit more conversational. Don't don't be
so like I am sales robot I need to act
just talk like you. I'm pretty sure that
those aren't the words that Andrew would
use. Right. So you know don't be afraid
to you know get in there and get amongst
it. Yeah. Right. I'm used to high ticket
coaching for sales coaching for fitness
for weight loss. So that's the solution
I'm trying to bring them towards. But
now they've got the supplements. So I've
got to try and work out other than the
supplements, how can we help you
otherwise and that's what I've got to
I've got to get that streamlined in my
head and through my own script. Yep. For
sure. The key is like you you don't want
to ask questions that you don't know the
answer to.
right? Like and and that that have a
significant role in the in the future of
the coal. You know, they're little
things that don't matter, but
essentially you don't like the problem
is that whatever the problem you're
trying to solve is that whatever they're
doing doesn't work. So, you're going to
input something that does. Whether
that's supplements, whether that's
coaching, whether it's breath work,
whether it's meditation, it doesn't
matter. That's the mechanism.
the mechanism is just whatever it
changes the pitch. But if if the
information that you're gathering
doesn't alter your pitch, it's not
ultimately very
important. If it's not going to change
what you sell them or how, you know what
I mean? If it's not going to alter the
pitch, then don't worry about it. So
like if you like, you know, if if if you
don't care if it doesn't really matter
like how they're training, it doesn't
matter. You know what I mean? Oh, I do
you know I'm doing the you know peri you
know whatever periodization right it's
like it doesn't matter right it's just
interesting yet ultimately I'm
productive so if you try and keep it on
the line of the problem is whatever
they're doing doesn't work and then from
there like chunk it down to why isn't it
working and then do you want to try
something that does yes
okay like what would you like to see
from that and what outcomes would you
like What happens if you don't
transition to something like that? You
keep going down the road of things that
aren't working. What happens then? Do
you want to make a change? Yes. Now,
yes. Bye. Does that make sense? Yeah, it
does. Thanks. Yeah. Just keep it nice
and
simple. Um Andrew, aren't you in
Australia, too? Yes. Oh, yeah.
A Okay. All righty. Uh Godwin,
you want to do a role play?
I'm ready. All right, let's do it. What
are your numbers uh so far this month?
[ __ ] massive.
What does that mean?
I just said massive. Massive. Massive.
No, I was talking a good one. You're
frozen, mate. All right, there we go.
Yeah. What are your numbers? Better now.
What are your numbers so far this month,
Kevin? 51 53,000.
Okay. And what have you been doing? What
have you been selling? Um, bundles.
Bundles, baby. That's it. Everybody, uh,
bundle up. It's winter time. It's winter
time. Bundle up, [ __ ] Let's
go.
Let's do it. Uh, winter is coming, so
bundle up, right? Yes. Everybody need a
bundle. Everybody needs a bundle, guys.
Godwin is speaking the truth. Everyone
just needs a bundle. You got to bundle
up. All right. It's getting cold
outside. All right. Ryan, would you be
the prospect? Absolutely. Give him a
little bit of curry. Not too much
though. Little spicy. Little spicy.
Let's go.
Some ring ring ring. Yeah. Hello. Hey,
Ryan. Coach Godwin here with Aqua
Sculpt. How you doing today?
Who? Coach Godwin weight loss supplement
that you ordered. Oh yeah. What's going
on my guy? Oh man, you know, just trying
to stay out of trouble. Mhm. Stuck here
in these four walls, right? How about
you? You getting into trouble over
there? I'm over here stuck on the 210
over here in Los Angeles. I'm hauling a
load all the way over to Maine. But I'm
trapping this goddamn cabin. Yeah. So
you do like what? Ootr. Yeah. Over the
road. That's right. 379 Peterville.
Okay. So, you're on the road right now.
Did I Did I catch you at a bad time? I
mean, I'm stuck in traffic. I mean, just
biting this Prius.
Well, maybe you should run it over. We
don't need better you than a dispatcher,
right? Yeah. Uh, well, I just wanted to
cover a few things with you. Uh, make
sure you get the best results with your
Aqua Sculpt order and, um, really make
sure that there's no conflicts. Um, so,
let me just confirm your address. I have
it at 123 main. Um, sweet spot truck
driver. Y. Yeah, that'd be it. Awesome.
Perfect. Well, welcome aboard. Uh,
should probably start out by asking what
brought you over to us. What now? What
brought you over to us? Uh, I mean the
supplement that the the thing I ordered.
Well, I mean, so like most times when
people see like the video, like so they
either come to us for weight loss,
um they want to improve their health,
maybe even get off some of the
supplements. What is it for for you?
Well, [ __ ] I was over there by Isuza.
Uh, I was waiting for a a load and uh
just sitting there in the bay and I was
perusing the Facebook and I saw the ad
and uh, you know, I don't know if you
know anything about trucking, but we
just sit there in the cabin a lot and
just, you know, work out in the parking
lot and I figured it'd be a good pract.
Okay. All right. So, you're working out
in the parking lot. What does that have
to do with the Aqua Sculpt order? Well,
I mean, like I said, I mean, I eat gas
station protein and, you know, pork
rinds and any kind of things. So, need
to get some supplementation where I can
some nutrition.
Okay. Nutrition. So, you're like trying
to lose weight. I'm just I guess I'm a
little confused. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
like I don't know. I don't know how much
you know about Was it there? So, he got
him straight on track like through like
just clarifying questions. What's what
what Sorry. What's that got to do with
the aquascope owner? Where's everyone
else is going like whoa what are you
doing? You doing you doing push-ups? You
doing you doing you doing some sit-ups
over there? Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, fantastic.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's again, it's
irrelevant, right? It's interesting, but
ultimately completely unproductive
information. And like that extends your
calls out makes them harder to close
because you only have a finite amount of
time where you can hold someone's
attention. You know what I mean? Okay.
All right. Keep going. That's really
good.
So, where were we? We were talking about
like weight loss, right?
Is he Is he looking to lose weight or
are you confused?
Yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, like, yeah, I
got to lose weight. I don't know how
much you know about the lifestyle of a
trucker. It's semi-nomadic and you're
always, you know, eating gas station
food and, you know, flying by the seat
of your pants and uh you don't really
get that much time to exercise because
you got to drive 11 hours and then
you're forced to take a break for 10 and
then you got to drive another eight to
get to where you're going. So, for sure.
Yeah. Well, I mean like I actually had a
few friends that did truck driving and
you know a lot of them what they did is
they gained weight too and some of them
even had knee surgery replacements.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean if they double
cloak I float. You know I float my Well,
I guess like where are you weight wise
now? And you know where would you like
to get to? Right now I'm about 285
uh freedom units and I'm trying to get
down to 210. Uh, I've been driving for
six years now and I was 210 when I
started and, you know, I put on a good
amount, you know, 210. So, we want to
lose about like 70 pounds and Yes, sir.
Well, then how long has it been since
you were 210?
Like I said, I've been driving for six,
seven years now. So, it's been been a
little while. So, like it's been seven
years since you were 22. I mean, yeah,
definitively. But, it's been an upward
trend as they say. Okay. At what? How
much have you lost in the last 12
months? I haven't. No. No. How much have
you gained?
Well, enough for me to get a sleep apnea
test. I don't know how much you know,
but I have that medical certified card
and yeah, you know, if I don't meet the
requirements, I got to go and get a damn
sleep apnea. And that's what really
[ __ ] scared me is because I started
not being able to goddamn breathe in
[ __ ] cabin. Wow.
I mean, that could be trouble right
there, you know, especially if you're
sitting there by yourself. I got my wife
to wake me up if I stop breathing. But,
uh, I got DT waking me up. Yeah. Lot
lizards. Yeah. So, sleep apnnea, that's
a big thing. When did you when did you
find out about that? When when I was
choking to death. What do you mean?
Well, I mean like you weren't just like
choking in your truck and then like all
of a sudden they were like, "Hey, you
got I was sleeping. I was taking my 10
and then I was gasping for air and then
I went to go get a checkup and they said
he got sleep apnnea, my guy. Well, I
mean like how recent was that? Like when
did you go Oh, that was about Oh, that
was like that was like two and a half
weeks ago. Oh, okay. Was that kind of
like the catalyst that made you say,
"Hey, I need to probably lose this
weight now." Yeah. Yeah, that too. And
our belts out of buckles.
Yeah. So, okay. Well, then like just so
I understand the 70 pounds that you're
looking to lose, where where would you
say that you carry it at the most? Is
that there? Okay, cool. So, one thing
that I would look at doing is when
someone is blaming like that person is
putting a lot of the responsibility of
their weight onto their profession,
right? So, like I just Googled like,
"Have any truck drivers been CrossFit
competitors?" And the answer is yes,
right? Like straight away that was the
first thing that came to my mind and it
was like, "Yes, this dude Frosty Gilfus,
right, is a professional truck driver
and CrossFit Games competitor, right?
There's a bunch of them." And so, like a
lot of the time, like what I'll do in
that situation is go, "Okay, well, I
understand you're a truck driver. Like,
are there any lean truck drivers?" Like,
surely there's got to be some, right?
Some dude's walking around with [ __ ]
Apex. You know what I mean? It's like,
well, yeah. It's like, okay, so it can
be done. So maybe it's not the truck
driving. Maybe it's the fact that, you
know, you just don't eat well or
exercise. Yeah. You know, if you watch
Netflix, look at social media, or jerk
off, like you've got time to eat healthy
and exercise, right? Like all the old
old times do all these things, you know?
So these are superive activities, right?
So like, you know, okay, so can we just
get out of the way that this is not a
truck driver thing. this is a you not
prioritizing it thing. Yeah. You know,
so like I like to get that stuff, you
know, if I hear it a lot of times like
what he has, I want to remove that
variable from the conversation by going
like, okay, but like you know, did you
know any like fit truck drivers? And the
answer is like if he goes no, I go, you
don't know a single one. And then like I
would literally Google like super fit
truck driver guy, whatever. and they'll
be like, "Okay, well, I can see online
right now that like there's professional
truck drivers that compete in the
CrossFit Games, which is the fittest
human beings on Earth. They're
professional athletes and they're
full-time truck drivers. So, like it can
be
done, right? There have been Olympians
that have been full-time truck drivers.
So, like I think the reason why I'm
saying this is because you seem to be
putting a lot of the reasoning on the
fact that it's your job, whereas, you
know, every job has its drawbacks, but
it also has its positives, you know, and
so just stuff like that. So, I like
that.
Um, right. Uh, okay. Let's go into your
pitch.
A pitch? Yeah. Okay. So, let's see.
Okay, perfect. So, you know, based on
what you told me, you know, what we put
together will actually help. Uh, can you
do me a favor? Can you grab a pen and
paper, please? Uh, yeah. I mean, I'm I'm
I'm floating gears right now, but yeah.
What's going on? Oh, that's right.
You're in the truck. I forgot about
that. What I'll do is I'll email Let me
pull over. I got the rest area right
here. I'll pull over. All right.
Perfect. I got a tickle whiz. All right.
I'm stopped. Okay. Awesome. So, what
we're going to focus on is we're going
to build a plan that targets not just
the weight or the meds, but the actual
cause behind it, like toxins,
inflammation, hormones, and nerve
stress. So, you can write this down.
There's three big pillars that we're
looking at, and this is what makes our
program actually work long term instead
of just handing you pills and hoping for
the
best. So, pillar number one, hormone
supplementation.
Okay. Mhm. Most people don't fail
because they're lazy. They fail because
they're too inflamed, stressed, or
hormonally out of sync to actually
respond. So, we don't start with
workouts or dieting. We start by
resetting your body from the inside out.
The first phase is all about targeted
supplementation using our reset stack.
And this is specifically designed to
clear out inflammation, balance stress
hormones, kickstart digestion so your
body can finally start melting off the
weight. Yeah. Kind of like Right. It's
It's kind of like putting butter over
heat, right?
So what? Like putting butter over heat.
You ever done that before and watch
butter melt? No. No, you don't cook. I I
eat I eat a McDonald's and Flying J.
Well, maybe you probably saw your mom or
grandma cook at least one time. I know
what you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
So, it includes specific supplements and
they're targeted to flushing toxins,
reducing bloat, balance, stress, and
cortisol because cortisol is that stress
hormone. You familiar with that? Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like my heart's beating out
of my chest every time I crack open a
white monster.
Well, when you're in high levels of
stress, right, for long periods of time,
okay, it does cause your body to hold on
more fat and it triggers cravings.
Okay. Yep. So, we want to be able to
regulate your hormones, your stress
hormone with a few different supplements
that we have and then also help you burn
fat overnight, even while you sleep.
Okay. Yeah. So, then I go into the
morning protocol. Really, what we're
going to talk about here is you want to
start with your Aqua Sculpt that you
already bought online. Mhm. Okay. That's
going to be the thing that you take the
first thing in the morning along with a
tall glass of ice water. And then you
want to pair that with your slim cleanse
as well as the stress less formula.
Okay. Yeah. Perfect. In the evening, you
know, we like to focus on any of the
ancillary issues, nervous system
recovery. Okay. So, it doesn't sound
like you have any any of these problems,
but I like Oh, yeah. I do. I got my
[ __ ] sciatica's blaring up. Oh, yeah.
Okay. So, is that like the tingling in
your feet? Is that like Well, you're
talking about lower back pain, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a It's like
a shooting It's like a shooting pain
that like goes down like my my leg.
That could Okay. That's probably
annoying, right? Well, that's scary, you
know. Yeah. So, what about like any
numbness, tingling, pens, needles? Uh
yeah, if if I I pull a full 10 hours
without, you know, taking the
break, you know, all gas, no breaks.
when I go to Albuquerque, you know,
miles 40. That been happening for a long
time. I mean, it happens from time to
time, you know, when you drive for long
long road trips, you know. Yeah. But
thing is that like I can't it can't
happen to me because I got, you know,
80,000 pounds on behind you. Yeah.
Right. So, I mean, it's important that
we take care of that. Yeah. Right.
So, then what about memory or like like
memory fog, dry mouth, any floaters?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, sometimes you zone
out, you know, there's only so much
goddamn American Southwest you can look
at for it's, you know, it's old hat.
Yeah. Okay. So, we'll probably like if
we really focus on the weight first, we
probably handle some of these issues um
without having to worry about really
heavy supplementation. Yeah. So, this
way, you know, we focus on this, you
start feeling better, lighter, more in
control before we change anything else.
Okay.
Yeah. going to help. The second pillar,
if you want to write this down, hormone
optimized
nutrition. Okay. All right. Cool. And
then skip to the third pillar. Third
pillar, personalized guidance and
support. So, you know, I think this is
the most important piece. You ever
played sports? I think you talked about
playing sports. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Once
upon a time. Yeah. Yeah. Was your team
good? I mean, it was wrestling, so it
was uh, you know, it was one-on-one, but
Yeah. You're okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Well, let's focus on Kobe and Mike then,
right? Uh, you ever seen Michael Jordan,
Kobe Bryant when they played? Like
Michael Jordan was leading alltime
scorer? No, I'm I'm I'm not that old,
man. I wasn't around for the Jordan
years. Yeah. Well, so Michael Jordan, I
love to watch him. He was leading all
time scorer in the league and he still
didn't win any championships until his
coach Phil Jackson came around. Right.
So, like it's more than just like really
focusing on losing the 70 pounds, like
what you eat or how you train. It's
about having the right accountability
and support around you. Let's say he did
have a successful team. What would you
do? Like, awesome. So, you know the
value of having a good coach in your
corner, right? So, it makes sense to
have the right person because then they
can teach you, right, how to stay
accountable when you probably are
falling off. And then we want to work
with you week by week to help you stay
on track. Mhm. You'll have private
check-ins, 24/7 direct access to your
coach, so if ever doubt gets in the way
or you have questions, you'll never feel
stuck or alone. I never played any
sports as a kid. You never played
sports? No. No, that's okay. Um, do you
have like a parent that was in your life
that was really important to you? Yeah.
Yeah. How what kind of role did they
play for you? Uh, like you know the
parents, right? guided me. Yeah. Well, I
stayed in daycare from 6:00 a.m. to
11:00 p.m. So, you know, having like the
parent that you could like look up to,
I've always wanted something like that.
So, that's cool. So, you could imagine
like having someone like that with you,
how impactful that would be. Okay.
Right.
Nice. Good job. All right. Cool. Then go
then go through to the the end like like
like go through the end bit. Uh end bit.
So I have future pace and consequence
again. So, um, you know, if we go back
to, you know, or like back when we go
back to losing like the 70 lbs, like
when we do help you lose the 70 lbs,
instead of, you know, standing in the
mirror like having silence, you know,
you're more like smiling and enjoying
what you look like after the shower, you
know, like what does that look like
daytoday for you then?
Uh, how do you mean?
You know, like when you when you think
about yourself, like let's say six
months from now. Okay. You lost the 70
pounds. Yeah. Let's go through see your
future pace. He's happy. Yeah. That
would be amazing. Yada yada yada. All
right. Next. The front office checking
girl is going to give me the eyes again.
There you go. Okay. Get a googling eyes
on you again. Break neck speed. So,
since you're a member with us, all
right. Uh, I'll be able to set up your
entire program. So, you don't have to
pay the online full pricing based on
where you're at. Okay. I So, I'm biased.
I think we can get this done in six
months, but I'm just going to let you
know your two options so you know what
they are. Um, now we're looking at a
basic 12-month plan or the fasttrack
six-month burner. The 12-month plan
gives you more wiggle room in your
schedule, includes extended coaching.
Really just depends on how consistent
you think you'll be. takes the guesswork
out. More designed for people that want
to allow the supplements to do all the
leg work. Okay. On the flip side, you
know, when we get this all cleared up in
the next six months, you know, this is
really good for those that are serious
about losing the weight, ready to get it
off, you know, dealt with the yo-yo, and
they work better with quick results.
Yeah. Outside run, you got to [ __ ]
bundle up, baby.
Either way, we don't expect perfection
from a dietary standpoint, but based on
where you are, Ryan, this is the better
option, but of course, you know, you
know yourself best. What do you feel
like would work best for you? Um, well,
I got my goddamn insurance coming up and
I got to renew my damn tax. So, I guess
I got to save a little bit a buck where
I can. So, uh, but six months, but I
guess how much how much is that going to
be? Yeah, I mean that makes sense. I
haven't bundled it up together. Um, but
while I work on doing that, I'm just
curious. Why did the six months stand
out to you more? I got to save money,
man. I got to pay my goddamn tags. You
know how much those cost? It's like
eight grand out of pocket. Mhm. Well, I
mean, you know, there's like that
saying, right? Without health, there's
no wealth, right? So, let's say you're
saving the money on the side, okay, but
the 6 months worked. Like, why did that
one really stand out to you versus the
12 months?
I didn't even think about that to be
honest. Like I'm just, you know, like I
said, I'm just trying to manage my
money. Yeah. Okay. So, it's really more
about money than about losing weight.
Well, I mean, I need to lose the weight.
Yeah. But, you know, I got to manage I
got to save my damn money to, you know,
budget for these taxes. Okay. So, I
mean, if we talk about the 6 months, do
you feel like it would be a bad idea to
say you feel like us walking hand to
hand together can really help you lose
the 70 lbs, get rid of that beer belly?
I don't drink beer, man. This is all
freaking uh Carl's Jr. Um yeah. I mean,
yeah, I guess. What I guess what you you
sure what are you getting at? I'm sorry.
I'm not understanding. Hand in hand.
Yeah. Like if we walk together, really
show you how to be able to lose the 70
pounds. Oh, got it. Got it. Yeah. You
feel like we can help you? Yeah. Yeah,
for sure. Absolutely. Awesome. Okay, so
let me just verify two things here. Then
I go through the home address, phone
number, and then I just present the
numbers of what I pitched.
All right. I love it. Yeah, I love it,
dude. That's good. Everyone take Did
everyone take away something from that?
Right. So, I think like key thing is
like just relaxed, chilled,
conversational, right? Not like a crazy
sales robot. and then had
pre-prepared, you know, if this, then
that for different common
circumstances, you know what I mean?
It's like which is like pretty, you
know, you you you you got to be prepared
for the the things that are going to be
thrown at you. And if you're if you get
a lot of things thrown at you, like, you
know, for example, like he knew exactly
what to say if they'd done team sports,
if they did individual sports, or if
they, you know, had done no sports. And
so it's like because he has an analogy,
he has a point he wants to make and then
he makes it through a number of
different ways, right? Just depending on
the outcome or depending on the like
whatever he's getting, but it's the same
line. You know what I
mean? Right. So, and all that does is
comes from just being prepared, right?
And just comes from kind of just doing
the
thing,
right? Good stuff. Awesome job, Godwin.
Awesome job, throwing some curve balls
there. Yeah, thanks. You know, being
being a bit of a chatty Kathy. Yeah.
Yeah. I was bucking already toward
towards the end, man. You you hand the
just super cool. Yeah. Um Yeah. I like
that. And so that's the pillar. The
three pillars are what you're using to
bundle up the coaching every time.
Every time. And I use it in that first
pillar. So if they give me enough stress
in like some of the questions I ask then
I can add like pressure ease or um
comfort plus you know in terms of like
joint support. But other than that like
those are generally my go-to uh because
in the beginning I'll talk about
cortisol and like toxicity in the body.
Okay. And then what's the size of the
bundle that you're selling?
3484. 3484.
Yeah. And then made it. And
then and then what?
Oh yeah. And then what are you what are
you dropping to? I'm not dropping. I'm
not dropping. [ __ ] right answer. That
was a [ __ ]
Good job. Yeah. Everyone write this
down. Everyone write this down. Stop
being a [ __ ] Right.
Right. That's that's good, man. That's
good. And you know, like it's because
it's, you know, at some point, you know,
if you because if you get you can get 10
you can get eight people on a five on a
500 or or or you can get like one on a
4K, you know what I mean? Like it's uh
you know, it just makes more sense to do
it that way. Yeah. You know, and just to
have a to have a way of doing it that
you're really really like dialed in on.
Yeah. And then just just having
consistency, you know, that way you can
get really really good at it. And like,
you know, Godwin will he'll you you'll
sell over 100K for the month, right? So
you you'll make what like 20 25 racks
this month in coms, you know? I'm going
for 35. My wife did. So after we did the
number together, you know? Yeah. Uh I
realized cuz the $2,600 I put it there
because I wanted consistency in terms of
my sales, you know. So, I was like, if I
follow what the numbers are on the
computer when I do the supplements and
all that stuff without coaching, then
I'm constantly lowballing myself. So, I
was like, let me just do 2600 every
time. And then I did the numbers with
you and I was like, oh, 2600 isn't
enough. Well, then I guess we'll just up
it to 34, you know? Yeah. And what have
you found from doing that? Like, have
you found like you sort of don't get as
many like volume of sale, but you make
more money? No, man. It was a limiting
belief. I have more people that buy from
me now than when I was doing 900 2600
bucks, but I'm committed to that 3484.
It's because it's the right solution for
them and it's like it's it's a better
solution, right? So, you can have more
conviction when you sell it. It's more
comprehensive. Yeah. Yeah. It includes
everything. Before like I was just like,
"Let me sell you some subs or let me
just try to talk about coaching." But
like everything that I talk about, they
find the value in all of it because I
literally sat down and listened to a
whole bunch of different calls to figure
out what everybody was talking about and
then I finally put it together in this
glorious. Well done, dude. Thank you.
Well done. 35 G's. I hope you do it. I
will. I hope you do it. And uh then
people can realize it can be done,
right? which is which is the key.
Um all righty. All right, let's go
through who's
next. Who wants to role play? Sam. Yay.
Raising his hand. Sam A.
All right. You want you you want to role
play? Yeah, I can go. Okay, let's do it.
All right. Uh Ryan, let's
go. Let's do it. What are we What are we
selling, Sam? Sam
Samqu, $400 bundle. Anyway,
why' you laugh? Why' you laugh?
Well, listen to it. Listen to it.
All right. Ring ring.
Yeah. Hello.
Hey, Ryan. Yeah. Who's this? Hey, Ryan.
This is just code Sam calling from
Aquascope, the weight loss supplement
that you ordered. Oh, yeah. What's going
on, dude? All right, man. Just wanted to
do a basic call to welcome you and
confirm a few details here. So, we have
your address
at 1234 Street. Is that correct?
Yeah, that's right. Everything Oh, yeah.
Yeah, everything's fine. We just uh do
this basic call to onboard every new
member that comes on and make sure you
have everything you need to lose the
weight or whatever you're looking for.
But what are you actually looking for?
What do you mean? Uh are we looking to
improve overall health or lose weight?
What's going on? Oh, um yeah, like
improve overall health. Why? Awesome.
Okay. Just want to make sure you have
the exact game plan so that you we can
get this done quick, right? And are we
in terms of medication, are we taking
anything for blood pressure, cholesterol
or blood sugar?
Yeah, blood sugar. I'm a diabetic.
Okay. Taking insulin, metformin. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I got the diabetes. Oh, wow.
Okay. Well, how long?
[Music]
I want to say it happened five years ago
when the doc said I had to start taking
insulin. Five years. That's a long time,
man.
That sounds
incredible. Don't say that again.
Okay.
It just sounds really forced because of
your accent. She come up like it sounds
like you're doing a thing. You know what
I mean? Okay. I like the idea of it.
Just say she
man. This is a long time. There you go.
Think of that. Got me. I got too. You
got to I like it. All right. Yeah. Yeah.
It was It was It must have had an impact
on you, man. No, no, no, no,
no. You'll [ __ ] that up nine times out
of 10. Okay. Right. Right. That's too
early. Too early for that [ __ ] All
right. Keep it keep it light. Keep it
simple. It's early on in the in the
piece. We don't need to start going down
the road of like what kind of impact is
having the beatus having on you when
you've been speaking to this dude for
you know 10 seconds. Okay. Okay. And
Ryan, how much weight are we looking to
lose here?
I mean I guess like 40 pounds or so. 40
pounds. Okay. Yeah. It's totally doable.
Is that like a humble starting goal or
is that like the end goal? You don't
want to lose any more than 40? I don't
know, man. I can't even think past 40
right now.
Oh, wow. How do you mean? I mean, I was
just trying to lose this weight, man. I
mean, I'm going through a divorce, so
yeah. Sorry to hear that.
Yep. You and me both.
All right, man. So, what what are you
doing right now, I guess, to lose the
weight then? Okay, cool. So, that's a
good question. The two or three
questions before that are uh don't don't
don't do them. Okay. Right. because it's
just it's inviting rabbit holes that I
don't think you want to go down. Um, and
you're kind of asking questions that are
fine questions to ask, but at odd times
to where it's going to induce a whole
bunch of like potential resistance that
just something is going to go well,
right? So, I think like you just go,
"Hey, how you doing? What are you
looking to do? Okay, and what are you
doing about it?" Okay? Right? Keep it
simple. Like the process will sort
itself out. You'll get impact and you'll
get all that stuff as you go. You don't
want to try and rush it. Okay, makes
sense. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Right. So, with
this uh 40 lbs, Ryan, is it more so
around that midsection, belly, and hip
area, or is it like all over?
Uh, don't laugh, man, but I got cankles
now, so I don't know. My my lower half.
Uhhuh. Oh, wow. Okay. I'm not going to
laugh,
but that sounds like trouble
for my shoes. Yeah.
Okay, man. And is it uh more so been a
long time that you've been carrying this
weight or is it like a recent issue? Uh
like I said, it's been, you know,
creeping up over the years. Over the
years,
like a couple years.
Uh specifically, why? What?
It's just when you've been carrying that
kind of weight for a long period of
time, what happens usually is the fat
cells do tend to clump up and it could
be really hard to get rid of them now
unless we get Yeah. Yeah. It's been
happening over the years, man. Been
happening gaining weight over the years.
I mean, overheating. What I mean, yeah,
I guess like what what's this have to
really do with the supplements? All
right, cool. Godwin, feedback.
To be honest with you, I kind of tuned
out. Um, but
Um, this
got frozen. All right, let's go. Uh,
Kendall, what's your feedback? Sorry.
Well, yeah. Okay, got one. Let's go. Oh,
you're back. Yeah. Sorry, I just I had
to turn off my camera. Um, my specific
feedback is like I don't know where
you're going in your questioning. So
like my goal is to figure out like I
need them to tell me what their weight
is and then paint a picture of how they
look to themselves to me. So um they
know that I see them because they don't
even like the way that they look. And
then from there after I go down that
path I just kind of start layering in
like issues that they have. But your
questions are like I understand the
impact question but there was nothing to
have impact with because you didn't know
enough information.
That was my feedback. I agree.
Anyone else?
No. Okay, cool. That that that's my
exact feedback. My feedback is I feel
like you read the NEPQ
cliffnotes, but you don't quite
understand why you're asking the
questions that you're asking, which
means that you're not asking them at the
right time. But you're not asking bad
questions. You're just asking good
questions at the wrong time, which makes
them bad questions. Does that make
sense? Yeah. And and it's because I
think you're trying to do stuff that
you've seen, but don't really know why
you're doing it. like saying, "Oh, yeah,
like that could be trouble." Like that's
not a
throwaway. There's when you when you
listen to very good sales, nothing is a
throwaway, right? So, you have to
understand there's a reason and a
purpose for everything. And if you don't
understand the reason and the purpose,
don't do it. Okay? You know, so my my
advice would be like just keep it really
simple to begin with, right? Because the
less questions you ask, the less
mistakes you're going to make. And I
think the trap is to try and like
wordsmith things, you know, when you
know you're you're you're trying to
sharpen a piece of [ __ ] sword, right?
It's like, no, no, no, just build a
really good sword and then spend the
time to sharpen it. But because a a
really strong sword, you can still hit
the [ __ ] out of people with it. Do you
know what I mean? So like again, I I I
don't think that you're bad at it by any
stretch of the imagination. I think that
you're trying to do too much and trying
to be the sales rep you think you should
be instead of just like being in your
zone, right? And the zone is like, "Hey
man, what's going on? How can I help?
What are you doing? Is it working? Why
do you don't you think it's working? If
we were able to get something that
worked, what would you like to achieve?
Why is that? Get some detail. Okay,
cool. I think we can help." you know,
like real real simple stuff so that you
don't unsell people,
right? Yeah. Yeah. But like I can see
what you're doing. It's just it's a bit
disjointed because I think you know you
you want to if you have a look at your
script or go back over say like the
training that we did today with like
Godwin's with Godwin's roleplay. It's
like go through that and go okay why
never listen to a call or a role play
and go ooh like I can take that word I
can take that line. That's not how you
want to do it. You want to analyze the
thought process
because like uh Godwin's feedback was I
don't understand where you're going
which is very interesting feedback
because that's the feedback of someone
who is successfully doing it but they
can't put together where you're going
but they know where they're going and so
you're going in a different direction
which means it's unpredictable and I
it's like I can see what you're doing. I
can just see the the I can see I can see
what it is. So always think about
thought process first. So what is the
reason I'm asking a question and
why why is that being asked and then how
did they ask it? So like what was the
inflection or intonation that was being
used, right? Why is that important to
you now though? Why is that important to
you now though? Like what was the
intonation there? And what was the point
of it? Was it quite flat and neutral?
Right? What was there a specific way in
which they were appointing them? Okay.
And why did they do that? And then from
there, what outcome did that have? And
then how did that flow down through the
rest of the call? The beginning of your
guys' calls for most of you is so kind
of ethereal and not consistent that it
creates an incredible amount of
inconsistency in the rest of it.
Whereas, if you got really good at
getting the beginning of your call quite
pointy and down to where the acceptable
parameters of conversation were quite
narrow, the rest of the call would be a
lot easier for
you, right? Whereas like everyone's
like,
so what do you do when you work out? And
it's like what a useless line of
conversation because it doesn't affect
the outcome at all. you know, like there
there's there's no world in which I I I
take that information and change the
product, right? I don't care how you
work
out. Doesn't make a difference to me.
Oh, what do you do for work? I don't
care again because it's not that it's
not interesting. It's just not
productive conversation for what we're
doing. I don't care what you do for
work. Why? Because like that's not a
reason to not be healthy.
So, like, who
cares? Let's let's not pretend like
we're not, you know, I like the I could
care about the person. Want them to get
a result. I want them to be a happy
human being. I don't care if they buy,
but I want them to be like happy and
productive. But I I also, but I'm not
going to pretend that we need to have a
conversation about, you know, they're
poodles and
[ __ ] Just doesn't seem productive.
Okay. All right. All right, guys. I'll
get the recording in. Okay. um and the
transcripts and all that kind of stuff.
It'll be uploaded pretty soon. Um so
that was good stuff. Make sure you are
coming into the open hours, okay? Just
sit there and like guys, it's winter.
It's getting cold outside. [ __ ]
bundle up,
right? Godwin is selling more people at
a higher rate. Why? Because he has more
conviction and reason behind the product
he made. and he's doing it the same way
every single time. If you do it the same
way every time, like there is no
correlation, and I'm not saying this is
a good thing either, but there is very
little correlation in the United States
between how much money someone has and
what they
buy, right? So, like it doesn't make a
difference. It's why like broke people
buy Hellcats. I don't think that's a
good thing. I'll be very clear. But it's
not up to you to decide. And I think
that the best way for you guys to sell
would be to sell the exact same thing
every time.
Yeah. I have a call I could tell you
about a guy real quick if you guys are
down for that. Yeah. Yeah. So, there's
this guy I sold last week. Um, what's
his name? You guys can go back in there
and look it up. I think it's David David
Bell is his name. He tells me on the
call that like he's living at his
parents house. He's getting social
security. He only has like 1,200 bucks a
month. He's like, I only have a $100
worth of wiggle room. And if you do the
bundle sale and do financing for that
3484 or sorry, he did 2,600 at that
time. It's 216 bucks. I have them all
memorized, right? So, it's
$216. And he's like, "Yeah, I need to go
to the bank to unlock my card." And he
told me he didn't have more than 100
bucks. But because of what we talked
about, the pain was deep enough that he
felt it was worth the
$2,600 and he paid for it. Yeah. There
was other people that told me they
didn't have funds to do anything. They
only they barely scraped up enough $118
to get the money for Aqua Sculpt, but
then they paid for $348
$3,400 uh package and that's $290 a
month. Somehow they figured out where
the money came from, but they told me
they didn't have money, you know? So, I
just don't think people are really
helping people under uncover how big
their problem is.
Amen. Amen.
What's the name of that prospect again?
David Bell. The thing is with health and
fitness and stuff like that is that like
there is just no downside to getting
someone a coach and getting training.
This is not like a $12,000 [ __ ] sales
training program where like it requires
an awful lot of things to fall into
place to get a good outcome. And I'm not
saying you shouldn't do that either, but
I'm saying like if someone's going to
spend money on
something, right? Like [ __ ] man, like
getting healthy, you know? I saw a
really interesting thing the other day.
This is a great [ __ ] line for anyone
who's who's right is if you line up
fathers people will go I will die for my
children right I will I'll kill every
one of you I'll kill myself wouldn't I
wouldn't wouldn't I wouldn't question it
but would you go to the gym every day
for
them would you start eating healthy
would you stop blaming your job your
work your kids on the fact that you're a
fat piece
[ __ ] right? And I say that quite like
viciously
because like being a really overweight
parent is a tremendous disservice to
your
kids. Like fat kids have fat
parents. Like that's just the way it is.
And like as someone who grew up as a fat
kid, right? Uh it's it's a it's
something that you then like I have to
fight not being fat all of the time.
Right? Because I grew up in a family
that rewarded good things with food and
comforted bad things with
food. It's a tremendous disservice to do
to your kids to put them in a situation
where they never see you exercise, eat
healthy, and live a quality life because
then they grow up thinking that's how
you do
things, right? My parents are great
people, but they did they they eat
horrifically and they see dieting as a
chore. I met my I I joined the army when
I was young and that changed my view on
things. But I was told my whole life,
hey, you're over, you know, the that
we're just overweight. It's just our
genetics. And then I remember when I was
like 30, like not even I was like 25 and
I looked at my family and I was like,
but none of them are fat except for my
immediate family and everyone's. I was
like, what the [ __ ] And it was like a
glass shattering moment. I was like,
"Oh, they believe that
[ __ ] They believe it." And I was like,
"I believed it, too." But then it's
like, and I've I've I've sat down and
gone through my entire family tree with
my parents and gone, "Show me the fat
person." And then 6 months later,
they'll go, "Oh, well, you know, it's
just our genetics." It's like it is so
inbuilt in how they
think that despite like the cognitive
dissonance required to maintain that is
impressive but most people have it
because it's the there is a refusal to
believe that it's
you are broke it's your
fault. If you are fat it's your
fault, right? That's it. You know what I
mean? Like everyone everything in life
is title but if you can take
responsibility for it you know and and I
think that's a really good line like you
know so many fathers will stand up
proudly and say I would die for my
children and they would but but would
you stop drinking beer and go to the
gym? It's like ah well that's that's
[ __ ] I got to do stuff then you know
it's like yeah and guys I [ __ ] suck
at it. like I'm terrible. I'm just
getting back into the gym phase
now. But none of it's rageous. I'm a
piece of [ __ ] But I fully understand
and I'm fully able to reconcile the fact
that it is me and me purely alone being
a complete and total piece of [ __ ]
Right? And then once I reach a level of
self-hatred, I will do something about
it. And I have reached it. Right? And
I'm an extremist. And this is the way I
am. And it's not it's not good. But it
affords me, it allows me to be an
extremist in other things, which is why
I have a capacity to do things that most
people can't. So, you know, es and
flows, right? Try and work it out. My
wife's super hot, so I'll be fine. Um,
so, right. So, yeah. Makes sense,
everyone?
Yeah. Right. Okay. Awesome. Watch me
while I get yolked and then get fat
again.
Time to get huge. Kendall, do you ever
ask that on a call? Like, would you die
for your children and then would Okay,
would you stop drinking and go to the
gym? Like, do you ever ask it point
blank on a call? Well, I only just heard
that the other day and I thought it was
a really interesting, but I for sure
would, but I wouldn't ask it directly. I
would go, you know, it's funny, right? I
speak to a lot of people dayto-day,
especially a lot of fathers and parents
and and you know, and it's there there's
a common thread which is like I would
die for my kids and be like, I'm sure
you feel that way. Like, yeah, feel that
way. It's like why you know and this
reason it's like but would you stop
smoking drinking going out would you
stop doing X and Y and Z things that
you've uncovered and start living
healthy so that you can provide the
example for them because dying is easy.
Living is the hard
part. I've never heard a dead person
complain once.
Right. And and I've seen a
lot, right? Hell, I haven't made a few.
All
right. All right, guys. Uh, good stuff.
Speak to you soon. Bye. See you, guys.
Thank you.
