Between January and  September 2025, there have been more than  946,000 job cuts announced, with roughly 300,000 from  the government sector. That's the highest since  2020, and it's a 55% increase from  what we saw last year through the same time  period. It would make sense to think  AI is to blame for the layoffs.
Now that we've had  generative AI come in and kind of change the equation, investors and boards are  asking management teams: how are you using AI? Why aren't you using AI? Can AI help you streamline  costs? But the latest round of  layoff announcements in the fall of 2025 suggests AI  might not be the root cause of the restructurings.
They also seem to be real  signs that something new is happening, that we've turned  a corner in the economy. So we've seen a wide range  of reasons. You're not really seeing  companies say, I am cutting 10,000  employees and replacing them with one single computer. Using AI and introducing it  to save jobs turns out to be an enormously complicated  and time consuming exercise.
I think there's still a  perception that it's simple and easy and cheap to do,  and it's it's really not. There's no doubt AI is a  powerful force in the economy right now. The  extent to which we think it's affecting the economy  and hiring is in graduate level, low skilled jobs. We haven't been able to find  yet much evidence that AI is capable, at this moment,  of taking over sort of white collar middle management  jobs.
So why are we seeing so many  layoffs and how much of it is because of AI? Wall Street has been hyping  generative AI innovation for several years now,  which is putting pressure on executives to make it a part  of their business model. 79% of CEOs in the US said  they feared they could lose their jobs within two years  if they didn't deliver measurable, AI-driven  business gains.
Investors need to be a  little careful with what some people have called AI  washing. And what that is,  is this idea that because business is deteriorating or  there's some difficulty going on with the business,  you say, oh, we're letting people go  because of AI. No, you're letting people go  because the business is hurting and calling it AI,  and because Wall Street is buying anything with the  letters "A" and "I" attached to it.
And so what you might  find is you would actually get a bump in your stock  because you're letting people go because of AI. There's this kind of  financial fiduciary incentive for management  teams to say they're using AI and say that strategies  are related to AI, even if it's not totally  related to AI. There's been surveys that  have come out that found companies are attributing  certain strategies and plans to AI, but it could be as  simple as, you know, using AI to write  an email for you, right? Is that really a  revolutionary use of this technology? No.
But can you say you're using  it as part of your strategy? Technically, yes. We spend a lot of time  looking carefully at companies that are actually  trying to implement AI, and there's very little  evidence that it cuts jobs anywhere near like the level  that we're talking about. And in fact, most cases it  doesn't cut headcount at all.
It may come effectively  later on by improving productivity. So you get  some of the effects of it. But it turns out it's  really, really hard to cut headcount  with AI. Even Meta's decision to cut  600 workers in October 2025, they cut those workers from  their AI unit. And that's because the AI  unit had gotten bloated. They had hired too many  people, and especially at these tech  firms, where the idea of  integrating new technology, innovating and disrupting,  you cannot have ten people you have to go to to make a  decision if you want to be a disruptor and an innovator.
Companies are announcing big  layoffs all the time. In a given year,  there could be a million announced layoffs. The question is whether or  not there's other hiring going on. And the problem we  have is that there's no official hiring data. We've seen a wide variety of  reasons for the layoffs that we've seen in recent months.
Sometimes it's related to a  larger restructuring at the company, an effort to reduce  costs. Sometimes it's related to  changes in the business. This is kind of a trend in  corporate decision making where big corporations  become really fat over time, right? You have all these  layers of middle management, and it takes a long time for  people to get things done, right? Corporate employees  spend a lot of their time in meetings.
They spend a lot  of time talking about work, but not a lot of time  actually doing work. As we enter into leaner  economic times, you're seeing companies kind  of rethink their corporate structures. Do I need five  layers of management for one project to get done? If I cut out 3 to 4 of  those, how quickly can we actually  have this project out in front of customers? And, when you're in a high  interest rate environment, the job market has become  weaker, consumer spending has become  weaker.
You don't really have the  luxury to have five layers of management to go through  every time you make a decision. I think in general,  they just don't seem to worry about the consequences  of over cutting, nor do they worry about the  consequences of what happens if they're guessing wrong  about recession.
So there's been some  interesting research over the last couple of years  showing the costs of doing that. And basically the  short conclusion is the longer you can resist a  layoff, the better your financial  performance is likely to be. And part of that is because  you don't save as much money by cutting as you think,  but also on the rebound.
It takes you a while to  bring new people in, get them settled,  not disrupt the place and then turn things around. There's a great story out  there that maybe people want to tell about the coming  revolution of AI wiping out all the jobs. Let's just be  skeptical of that until we have a little harder  evidence.
