This guy is actually managed to be in black and white buddy. It's impressive. Dude, what a camera phone. It's 700. Yeah. All right. Cool. Yeah, you are now. Yeah, sweet as. All right. While I sort this out, let's go Mitch. You're number one. What's up Matt? Do you hear me just fine? Yeah, man. Great. So since Tuesday, I implemented what you said and I've gone three for four on my calls. So that's [ __ ] awesome.
Question for you now is with call reviews, especially when you were earlier on in your sales career like ramping up getting to your level. With call reviews, how many would like would you would you review every single call and what are you outside of the first 5 minutes to kind of see like what dumb [ __ ] you can avoid? What else are you looking for when you're doing call reviews to to stay at the top of your game? Yeah, good question.
Sorry, my computer is glitching out. I'm just trying to close everything down. All right. Come on, buddy. So with call reviews like I sort of generally only review ones that I thought were really good or where I couldn't figure out what went wrong. Cuz like if you if you like have a call and you're like I [ __ ] the bed on that one, what's the point of reviewing it? Right? But like if you're sitting there and you're like man, like I feel like I should have closed that guy.
Um You guys see me okay? Is it all good? Yeah, you're good. Okay. It's really bad weather here today. Um I can't see anyone. So this is annoying. Um But yeah, so like you know, if if you um you know, if you just sort of [ __ ] the bed, you just don't really like learn anything. Do you know what I mean? So I just think um Yeah, just do it that way.
And then I would I would err on the side of like listening to your really good ones. I think that's probably something that people don't do enough, you know? Just like you know, like Because like I think you have to go into you have to sort of believe you're the greatest salesman that ever walked the planet. And then you will be.
You know? Like you got to know that you're good at this because then you have a whole different sense of confidence. Yeah. And and when you're listening to the to the good ones, is it more just like kind of to remind yourself that you're the greatest or are you also like listening more critically for different things? Like how did you do it when you were No, I'm I'm I'm listening to be like [ __ ] yeah. I'm good to go.
Like and it's just I'm I'm just reminding myself of the patterns of success. You know, like this is what hap this is what I do when I win. This is what I do when I win. And so it's like, you know, you can review negative game tape all you want, but you you should you know, reviewing positive game tape like you know what I mean? It's like hey, this was fantastic.
When you ran this route this way, you know what I mean? When you check down here like this is great. Perfect every time. Like that's really productive, you know? And I think so many people are looking also it means that you're not looking to make a change. It means you're looking to solidify the things that are being done well.
And if you could just like do the things you do well every time, there would be far less things to change. Makes sense, man. Yeah. Easy. I'm glad that they uh I'm glad that those changes whatever we whatever I told you to do worked. Yeah, one of the quick questions is with tie downs like okay. I'm still wrapping my head around what exactly a good tie down is.
You know, it's like they're kind of making micro commitments along the way and they're reaffirming their identity that they're they have urgency, they're a change maker, right? It's like how would you define tie down and how you can kind of use it earlier in in the call? Um I [clears throat] I guess what you're uh like a tie down I guess is like a I guess it's making someone solidify the their point, yeah? Right? So it's like a it's like a do not pass go.
So I just think like though I don't really think of it in that in that way like tie downs and stuff like that. I just say I just think of it in a term of like uh if I want if someone says something that's in my benefit then I'm going to um like get them to double down on it. Right? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Cuz like that just seems like the easiest way to do it.
Yeah, makes I'm trying to go live on YouTube at the same time. It's not working out for me today. Cool. Thanks, man. Appreciate it. No worries. All right. We're recording, yeah. Okay, Bryson Cheatwood. What's up Matt? So two very quick question the one very quick question and one normal question. So the the normal question is I told you last time I'm a take three inbound free ash calls and then like if they're qualified a book them for a 5 to 12k offer.
If they're not, then I down sell them on an 800. But I'm having trouble like asking the qualifying questions in a way that sounds smooth and then like transitioning back to a down sell like if they're not like qualified. So just to give you some background to like basically in my offer like what they want for qualified is like I want to know their credit score and then I want to make sure that they have like at least like a thousand bucks pretty much and then that they have the motivation to actually want to like screw and scale a business and not just make a little
extra money. Um And so I just didn't I wanted to hear like kind of the way that you would ask those questions without coming off like hey, how much money do you have? Um and then also like Yeah, exactly. And then also like how you would transition into that after problem awareness cuz it's kind of weird for me to be like oh, what type of impact is this had on this and be like oh, okay, cool.
Well, do you have money? You know what I mean? So I'm trying to figure out how I transition from like Well, let's hear you do it. I'd like to hear you do it first and foremost. Yeah, so like I mean like through from the beginning or just like after Nick Frisco. You're up, buddy. I'm up. What do you need? You said a biz up? Is it biz up? That's right. Yeah, it was a biz up.
And that was the other thing I was going to ask you about is the is the beginning, but I'm just going to do the impact thing that I've been that I've used to of like, you know, Yeah, let's just hear you do it. Let's tear it to pieces. Let's go. Oh, [laughter] by the way Nick, this was inbound booked call, but I'm calling you on the phone.
But like you know I was like like you expecting a call cuz you booked it. Okay. Okay. Cool. Hey Nick, man, can you hear me? Yes, I can. Hey, what's up Nick? This is Bryson with Day Rounds team, man. Looks like you you know, you booked in a call about possibly getting some help with like the career business, making more money, all that jazz.
Is is that right? Yeah, that sounds right. Okay. Well, cool, man. I guess like what were you hoping to get out of possibly even, you know, starting a career business in the first place? Wait, sorry. You said career business? Courier. Courier. Courier. Man, this biz up is for everything. Career coaching. No, courier.
Like you're going to turn your car into a business. You got a door, you got a gym, you got a car, you got a business. Okay. I'll explain it real quick so you have some context. No, he doesn't. That's all he needs. Trust me. I know Nick. That's easy. We're good. You can turn your car into a business, buddy. Okay. Yeah. What was the question, sorry? Yeah, what were you hoping to get out of possibly even starting a career business? Yeah, man. I need money.
I'm trying to make some money. Okay. I got you, man. And like I guess like what have you noticed or seen now that makes you feel like Ask you a question. Is this a is this a like black influencer black people are the are the thing? Yeah? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Cuz that changes things a little. I've sold I've sold a fair bit of that.
Right? What does it change? Well, because like you're not you're not black. Right? So like it's harder it's harder to like like I mean, I don't know if you know that. Do you do you know you're not black? No, I know I'm not, but I mean like it's it's it's there's a good amount of I'm just kidding. I'm just [ __ ] with you. No, it's it's a little bit different though.
Like I I sold for like Taste What. I don't know if you guys know Taste What. He's like a a big like kind of black influencer. He's a really good dude, actually. He's really nice. He really knows his [ __ ] if you guys ever but like we had to teach the white people how to sell. So like it's just a little bit different like straight away.
I don't like the formality of the of the like possibly's and stuff. Like I'm not a fan of that. Like I think it should be more casual. All right. And like because like you should be more like you need to exude a bit more confident otherwise you're going to get like eaten up by people. Okay. I mean like Stephen and like Adrian can get away with that.
Like Stephen looks like he Like he knows he knows what's going on. Steven, like your thoughts? Yeah, I agree. Just uh I I I just think that there's more sales resistance. And so if you come in with that kind of right away, I'm like what's going on here? No, I I I feel like I'm getting sold. I feel like I'm I'm I'm walking into a into a sales call and it's going to be to think you're a fed.
You a fed? You're a cop? He used to say that [ __ ] all the time. No, but it's it's a real thing though. It's a real thing. It's like yeah. >> resistance than I thought. >> Yeah, it's like racial dynamics in sales. Like there's a there's a there's a there's like an inherently higher amount of sales resistance that gets built faster.
Right? And so what you want to do is like you you need to make sure that you don't come off as like a sales rep. So then what do I do to not come off as a sales rep? Don't use things like possibly, maybe, would be, might be, like like just make the words more normal. Right? Because like you do those things to reduce sales resistance, right? But you will induce it [clears throat] more in this environment because of the dynamics.
And no one talks about this, but like I've sold a lot of [ __ ] Right? To a lot of people. You know what I mean? And so like I kind of understand this really well. Also like Rod Thalamack, who's a a good friend of mine and was a sales guy for me for ages, he has some sales content like specifically on this.
Um but like you want to kind of remove some of the So like write your script out just in more plain speak because otherwise like you're just going to They're going to look at You're going to be looked at like a sales rep very quickly. Which means that like I'm I'm someone who's trying to get in It means the the dynamic of that is I'm a I'm a person that's trying to get information from you.
Right? To then like use against you to get your money from you. Right? So like it just doesn't come off that well. So um what I what I would do is like just make your like rewrite it a little bit. Don't like make giant changes. Just take out some of that kind of like only a sales rep would say this. Like no one No one but a sales rep is going like it looks like you're looking to possibly Right? Like no one's saying that.
So So in the beginning just be like just go straight into it or just be like, "Hey man, like" >> Yes. Yes. Be like, "Hey man, you know, you you reached out about uh this?" Like that's it. Like real straightforward. Right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I know it's different, but like it it is a thing that will that will cause you issues.
No, 100% that's why I'm here too cuz I've I just wanted to like something I can just stick to cuz I feel like I've been kind of testing like switching back and forth and then like that doesn't I can't learn anything if I don't do the same [ __ ] every time. So I'm Yeah. And then like when it comes to your sales So you reached out about the courier business, like what's the goal? Or some [ __ ] like that? >> Yeah. Yeah.
Like why? How can we help? Right? Like straight away. Just real like take your script, understand the sentiment, and then just make it simpler. Right? Like not even It's not even simpler. It's just like less salesperson, more like you know like chatting chatting to a normal person. Okay.
So just remove a lot of words and just like the essence of what I'm trying to get out with the least amount of [ __ ] possible. Least amount of [ __ ] That's the perfect way to saying it. Least amount of [ __ ] Sweet ass. Um I want you to work on that first. Then when you come back like in a few days for the next one, we'll work on the how you ask the questions.
Right? Like how you ask the those ones. We don't want to make too many changes at once. But Nick, well done. You played a black eye brilliantly. I got you. I got you. Thank you. You can role play anything. Nick Nick Frisco is into into He's racial He's trans transracial role play. I'm South African. I'm I'm South African.
So Are you? Well, there you go. Come on. Amen, brother. Amen. All right, Marco. Hey Matt, how are you guys doing? So this This question is more about just uh improving in-person show rate. Uh just for context, I sell uh manufactured homes. So we have a dealer uh dealer lot people need to come into and ever since I started uh just struggled with show rate.
Um I I stopped setting uh on weekdays because that's like the lowest probability that someone's going to show up. Uh we're selling to Spanish-speaking immigrants especially. Uh some prior >> you sell? Uh manufactured homes. Okay, yep. >> Like mobile homes. Yeah. And so we have to get them into the lot, you know, and present and all that.
Uh so I stopped doing uh weekday appointments because it's just super low probability they're going to even show. They're working. So I'm starting to focus everything uh just on weekends. Um and I can set probably a good six to eight appointments. And right now the show rate's around like 30%.
Um and so my idea is I I I just wanted to see if uh I have some possible solutions, but I wanted to see what I I should maybe implement first. First of all, the business doesn't have any like uh appointment confirmation text or anything like that. Wow. No reminders. So that's kind of my go-to right now. That's [ __ ] Right? Can we just all agree with that? Why don't you just set that up? That'd be cheap as [ __ ] Yeah, that's that's what I'm thinking about doing.
And then another one was probably like tweaking the script to just increase urgency and like filtering I I wouldn't to be honest, man. Like if you have no reminders, just do all the reminders yourself. Okay. Like or just like set up get a Calendly and just like whatever, right? But um first of all, like are they being reminded? You know, how far out How far out are you booking them? I I I You really I think just set up a series of text and email reminders that even if you just do them cuz like on a phone you can schedule texts now. You
know that, right? Yeah. So like just Hey, I'm going to I'm going to text you. You know what I mean? And then it's like, "Sweet, did you get it?" Yeah, okay, cool. And then like just schedule out the text. Just like have them pre you know, preloaded like XYZ and you hit the space bar whatever then it kind of preloads everything.
Right? Shortcuts. Uh have have that like step one, get some reminders in. Probably get like two days out, 24 hours, six out three hours type thing. Right? Um and then uh the secondary thing is like make sure that ironically make sure it's that they know it's okay to reschedule. Okay. Right? You're doing it in Spanish, right? Yeah, it's all Spanish Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Can you run me through like as you leave the call just like what you do to get them You can do it in Spanish. I know I I speak Spanish. You So to under like just like what they did like what you say like as you leave? As you leave, uh so I I I just recently changed it to to start doing the reminders. But it's more like Okay, pues si algo cambia um pues avisar pues mandar un mensaje a este a este número.
Y nomás me avisas uh si si algo cambia si no puedes hacer la cita y podemos cambiar a acomodarte a tu horario. Okay. Is that Is that Is that the Is that the tone that you do it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's not too bad. Um yeah, I think let's just go with the reminders first and foremost and then at at the end just make sure that they know that like it's okay to have to reschedule that like life gets in the way.
And then always make sure that you ask like is there anything that would prevent you from being able to come like when you book the time just before you book the time, is there anything that would Is there anything at this time that that that like might prevent you? Also a good thing to ask is um uh do you use like a paper calendar or do you use like your phone? >> No, no.
I'm using Oh, for them? No, for them. Okay. Because if they're still if they're using like a old school paper calendar, then you need to write that [ __ ] in plus the travel time. Travel time. Yeah. Well, it's not that hard to schedule Nick because like it is Right? So then then what they do is then you actually rebook them instead of them like just kind of ghosting cuz they feel bad.
You know what I mean? Like you're not going to Yeah. All of those helpful, Marco. Yeah, for sure. Okay. Cool. You son? Hey Matt, what's up, dude? Um quick quick two questions. So uh right now I work on an offer. We help um mobile app founders scale their apps. So we have a full done for you and we have a done with you.
And we're pretty good with done with you. We recruited sales possible. So they're doing a great job. Pretty happy. Um now obviously the avatars are pretty different. And my main issue that I struggle with is once I ask questions about, "Okay, so what have you done to to grow your app so far?" and things like that. Um I obviously removed like asking what their app is cuz I just realized it's not really relevant to me.
Uh you told me that and I just figured out it's completely relevant. Uh but the problem is like they might launch it like two weeks ago. So for me asking that question it doesn't allow me to build like big enough of a pain to be like, "Oh [ __ ] like what if you continue this way?" or do you like a ROI versus COI type label or something.
Is Is there a different way to be able to kind of get to the pain more? Especially for these done for you prospects where typically like, you know, raised five to 10 million capital, things like that, and are kind of a little bit more enterprise. Um Mhm. Yeah, I mean I think what you've probably got to do So is have a look at like I mean like what was the growth curve that they're expecting? So they should have that all kind of mapped out and where are they at in that growth curve? Like uh if you look at like uh like I've done some work in like
pharmaceutical sales, right? Um and like when they launch a new product, they they need like billions in sales like straight away, right? They'll they'll they'll spend they'll spend I I I know a guy who used to sell scripts to Pfizer for like $19 million a script. It's [ __ ] crazy, bro. Um It's wild, right? Uh but like their their like gap from when they start, like that curve that they need, if they're below that curve, they're [ __ ] Right? So like it's especially if they've drawn capital from somewhere, like those people are going to be
expecting certain things. So what I would do is like what do you what do you like if they are brand brand new, then I would ask like what what was the plan and where are you supposed to be and when? And then how far along that track are you? Right? And then like and then like how confident are you to be able to XYZ? Right? So like it's going to be using that that growth curve.
Because if they're behind if they're behind like from day two, that's not a good position to be in. Doesn't matter if it's two weeks or whatever, like that's that's not a great spot. You know, like generally speaking, you're going to you should have got a good influx of people quickly. You know what I mean? So I would just make that change and then see what happens because if that's not like that should that should do the job of getting the pain because you should be able to track out like cuz if they're like, "Oh, well we
think we're going to get a spike here." It's like, "Why? What makes you think that?" [clears throat] You know, like what are you doing? What plan do you have? Etc. etc. Yeah, those those things helped me a lot cuz cuz they're like 90% of the times they have no clue like even their plans like they don't understand it really cuz cuz most of the times it's like, you know, 50-plus-year-old white guys moving into tech.
They're filled with cash and they're just like, you know, let's [ __ ] do it. So Cool. Thank thanks for that. Um my other thing was um I obviously want to want to set up um a little bit more deal flow for me aside from just inbounds cuz we're mainly getting from ads and then I do do some outbound and CRM, but I I farmed a lot of it and what I realized is that a lot of those prospects are either came in they're like super super low qualified or I was able to sell them on a coaching somewhere.
So for these like super high-hanging fruits that that I kind of want to chase, um there there wasn't a lot that we were able to farm cuz I've been here for like 9 months. So I basically scraped through um most of them. Um what channel would you recommend for me to tap into? Uh I I launched the like a cold outbound campaigns.
Uh I have a team running that and I was thinking probably like groups um and and posting organic content on like multiple pages or even like YouTube long form. So I don't know. >> Yeah, to be honest, organic organic content is probably the way to go. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like on all platforms.
I think organic content everyone should do it. Hands down, no I think everyone should do it. Right? Um because like there's just no reason not to. And it's even if it's like Yeah, I think so. Okay. You know what I mean? Like um But yeah, I think like if you were talking about, you know, if you're talking about the thing, I think that there's a good chance that you get them there.
You mean you could do some cold email campaigns as well. Like you you probably wouldn't be able to do it, but there are good cold email people out there. But again, if you're you're probably not it's probably not going to be worth it to like put together advertising campaigns, but if you're going to stay here for a while, then it can be worth it to just just generate some low-hanging fruit leads by doing some content that speaks to very specific niches cuz you don't have to have a lot of people see it. Just has to be like the right
people. You know what I mean? Yeah. Um Yeah. Ready? Awesome. Yeah, thanks so much. >> cool. Adrian. Hey, man. What's up, dude? Um what I'm hoping that you could help with is I'm sure you can. So what happens if we have leads that aren't product aware, right? So I know like obviously like if the system's a shoe, like we have to have the right things implemented.
We call them and have a job to educate them. Let's just say that they're not educated and they come into the call and they have a thousand questions. Like how how would you best approach that? What's the Well, what's the lead generation mechanism? VSL. But there there's some like DM outreach and things like that, too. >> [clears throat] >> So like product aware, they're not going to become that until you pitch them.
Right? But are they like brand aware? So for those of you who don't know, you got unaware, problem aware, solution aware, brand aware, product aware, right? That's kind of like the old school classic buyer's journey for those of you who aren't aware. Um Yeah. Um What was that, sorry? I would say the last two.
So neither brand or product. Well, they're coming through a VSL though, so they have to be somewhat brand aware, right? Right. Well, I guess that's the case. So like I'm on my end like I'm in the real estate niche, right? So there's like there's like short-term, long-term, whatever the case is. So right now they have an idea that it can work, right? But they have so many questions about it because it's a mystery.
Yeah, yeah, for sure. Okay, cool. Well, then like, you know, what you would do is you would just Usually like the the earlier they come in, so like you've got your MQL to SQL transition, right? So marketing qualified lead to sales qualified lead, yeah? So um then what you would do is whoop. Hello. Um Where'd you go? Is depending on where they come in is depending on like where your sales how your sales process is structured.
So generally speaking like the the more the more work marketing does, the less work sales has to do and then vice versa, right? So you might have to do like a two-call close uh with with a like you might do like a mini webinar in between. Right? So like I've done a number of different sales processes and like I'll I'll have different sales processes set up for different uh lead entry points, right? So like when I was when I was in seventh level, like uh the website leads went straight to sales call.
And the sales call was shorter. Right? Because those leads were just like they end up at the website. They're always super highly qualified, right? So shorter sales call, higher show rate, higher close rate. You know what I mean? No need for like a a triage call or whatever. But the people who came through from a lead magnet would go through like a triage call, right? And then they would be like sent info in between the triage and the sales call.
You know what I mean? So like generally speaking, that's how you do it. Um I've done it myself ways where like what I'll do like a mini webinar like a like a few times a week where people can come in in between call one and call two to like really kind of warm them up. I've also done one through I've sent them the email with like a little mini webinar.
You know what I mean? So really what you want to do is like break it up in probably into more than one call like or at least trial it and and maybe not all of them go that way, but maybe you do a split test where like a percentage of them go to one. Right? Um also um are you the are you the rep or the business owner? The rep.
Okay, cool. Um like it so Yeah. And they're all coming into a one one call, right? Yep. Yeah, and is it like how long is the call? Uh I try to keep it under 40. Okay, cool. And what's your close rate? 20 25% somewhere around there. All right, what's the price? 79 or 7,800. Okay. That's not too bad. Um Yeah. So So like what I would do personally in that situation because there's only so much that you can figure out, I would I would want to extract my close rate from the different lead sources.
Okay. Right? Like personally. If I can, I remove myself from the [ __ ] one. Right? If I if I can, I just cheat because you should. Right? Because there might be one or two that you just go like, "Can we just don't get those anymore?" And then now you get full of the better ones. You know what I mean? But then have a process where you know someone's going to require two calls.
Okay. Right? So and then you have like a I pitch on this call versus I pitch on the next one. And then you you have like some information because there might be just some people that it's just too early for them to buy. Right. Right? So So but have like a demarcation line. Well, I've definitely been tracking that.
I've I've tracked a whole lot of [ __ ] um based off of like the feedback that you've given me, right? Um but so like you want me to answer their questions. So there's going to be one call where I just answer all their questions and then move them on. No. But there'll be some some people where you will have to do like a second call because it's just too early for them.
And so what you might do is then put together like a video or like a cheat sheet or an email that answers a bunch of their questions, right? Because like they're just like there's high information buyers and low information buyers. >> [clears throat] >> You know what I mean? If a high information buyer comes in, like that's a good lead.
But they need information. Right? So you want to have the mechanism to give it to them. So you stay disciplined on your call. Maybe you only do a 30-minute call with them. Send them the info in between that one and the second one. Pick back up in like solution awareness, future pace out, consequence, and pitch.
Right? Yep. Does that make sense? No, it does. It does. Well, there there's some things that and I don't want to harp on this cuz I know everybody else has a few questions. Well, you know what? Yeah, I'll save it. I'll come back around. Okay, cool. Uh Mira. Hi. Hi. >> How are you? Hi. >> Good. Um amazing.
So I do have a question about pre-handling and I don't really see it too much on in your role plays, but like how much do we make have to make them realize that how much it cost over the years because of the way of thinking. >> [clears throat] >> Uh I need a little more info. So what do you what do you sell? Um it's a manifestation offer about money.
Uh and financial abundance there's a woman that >> that mean? It's a lot working a lot of in your subconscious because that's what's holding people back even though they have the skills even though they have all the things some things like making them feel stuck and the offer owner is like nine figures strong. So she's like a very very big deal in the game.
And you offer >> Okay. So there was a moment >> Nice. I had a call with and she was like uh she's a coach and she knows like she's self-sabotaging her situations a lot and she always wanted to like she has a message she wants to share with lots of people and she doesn't feel very safe in her um to stand in her full power like she says like she says.
So it means and she's 65 that means like until then she never could do the things that she's actually wanted to do, right? Um until now like um for the first time she had like last month was like the highest she's ever made and she wants that to become a new baseline and that's why she knew she needed something >> Okay, so okay, so we're going to break it down to simplest terms. Mindset offer? Yes.
>> Right? So it is and um how like pre-handling the objection. Is that right? >> Yeah. Yes, like how much do I realize? All right. So with an offer like this you can really [ __ ] with people. I don't know if we can call it something else if you'd like, but It's fine. >> say you can you can you can really motivate people, right? Um right? But you can twist them up real good especially coaches because um if like if if if uh the reason why I like working with coaches is because coaches you know lead from the front.
Right? Like a good coach does. That's why people follow them. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Now if you just say that right? >> That's what she did. She said like that's why she's there. She knows she needs to walk the talk >> So do you want to be a good coach or a bad coach? Exactly. When I did the This was the first time when I did the price drop before the person when I said 22,000 she was like tapped out.
Like her head was kind of she was moving then she was looking away and she was like kind of tapped out. >> Okay, so so the pre-handling like um you just want people to say that they want it they need it and they need it now like probably three to three times before the pitch. Right? Now with an offer like yours you should have a through line of like congruence or consistency or like leading from the front or like a you know, what I a way of saying that that's relevant to the to that group, right? You know what I mean? However the
the ladies that you know you know, [ __ ] sheep power raw whatever whatever, right? You know what I mean? Whatever whatever goes with the offer, okay? Um so um you want to have like some sort of through line like that because then you can anchor everything to it. I use congruence with sales reps. I go, "Hey, the reason why I like working with sales reps because there's like congruence of speech and action, right? You know, how can like how can you overcome a think about it objection if you have to go and think about it or you know, how can you
overcome a like a a partner objection if every time you just spend $17 you get asked your wife? Like you know what I mean?" And they would go, "Oh yeah, sweet." And be like, "So usually these sales reps are kind of getting after it and there's like congruence of speech and action. So that's why I like that's why I like working with sales reps.
And then so I would use that congruence line the whole way through. So I'd be like, "Okay, so let's just say you're able to become that congruent consistent, you know, yadda yadda uh like sales rep and you're able to actually get the skills that to be able to become XYZ. Like what would you really want to achieve then?" Okay, so and then at the end of it if they gave me like a think about it I'd go, "Well, of course you're going to think about it.
But what does the consistent and congruent sales rep do? Uh they do it. Okay, and what is a good rep? A good rep is what? Congruent. And what are you? And so like it's a it's a difficult spot to get out of, right? Now is it going to work on everybody? No, it's not cuz some people just aren't going to buy, right? But a through line like that really helps and then just to drive more urgency get them to say I want it I need to do it and I need to do it now in different variations three times before you ask for money.
Okay. >> Luis, if you're raising your hand to ask a question, buddy. Uh you just you have to raise your hand. No, I'm not going to answer sorry. >> No, I I actually wanted to interject. Yeah, um like I always Uh do a temperature check. I'm not sure if I'm able to it's the first time that I joined I joined with the echo a minute or two ago.
Okay, cool. Um no, it's sorry. I'm just I'm I'm just trying to speed through everyone. Right? So I've sold a I've sold a lot of these offers. Uh I really like them. If you figure it out you'll make a [ __ ] load of money. But you need to have some sort of little through line. Right? That like allows them to anchor at the end.
Right? Like congruent or something like that. Something that makes sense to it. Make sense? Yeah, it did. When I asked her like what do you what do you need to do in order to put yourself into the best spot into step into that being. She said, "Yeah, obviously I wanted to do I want to do this, but then came like money objections, but Yeah, so but you know, but so you can do everything perfectly and they still don't buy.
There's not like a relationship between like those things, right? You can do it all perfectly and they don't buy. You can also totally [ __ ] the bed the entire way through the call and they'll still buy. Right? So like you got to kind of just don't individual instances don't matter. Yeah. Right? What you want to do is look for patterns.
Right? So like always try to avoid trying to make an adjustment based off one call. Right? Yeah. Make sense? Yeah. Okay. >> All right, awesome. All right, Nick Prisco. Yo. Son of a [ __ ] So oh wait, am I on mute or no? No, you're here. Okay, so I What's that now? I'm just kidding. I can hear you fine. >> So I told you I closed the my first deal here this new offer and the person that I closed was from a closed opportunities list from another sales rep and essentially just the way it went they already purchased another device in the past
from us. And she said that and I said, "Well, how's it going?" And she said, "Horrible." And then we like worked out this deal to get the new device. So I had the my manager give me a list of all the people that have bought this other device and I want to call them to see if they want to upgrade to this new device.
The opener I was using was essentially uh "Sally, it's Nick here from Artemis. How are you?" Good, good. Yeah, so the reason I'm calling it it looks like you were looking to get a T-shape back in March. For some reason I don't have any notes after that. Did you Did you guys end up receiving the device already?" And they go, "No.
" And then we're into it. But these people Oh, go ahead. No, go. Sorry. Yep. These people I'm wondering what do we say to them cuz they were not looking to buy the device. But they bought a different one. Correct. Yeah. I think you Stumped. No, I to be honest I actually I'm thinking that you use the exact same opener. Really? I was thinking that. Yeah.
>> what happens when they say, "What the hell are you talking about? I didn't do that. I didn't Be like, "Oh, so what do you have?" This? Oh, so you guys haven't have you guys not seen the the new one? Okay. I like I like that. Okay. And would you start asking them how it's going with the other device? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah. The other side that you could do is full customer service mode. That's where I That's what I thought you were going to say. Well, you can try it. I just try both. Right? So full full customer service mode is probably going to probably going to be a good one, but I would try both um you know what I mean? Just because like [ __ ] it why not? But um it's like you know you you purchased thing XYZ a while ago.
Yeah, what is it? >> Now now what now now like what we notice is that people who have had this is you know, around this time the reason why I'm calling is because people are usually starting to see X or something like that. Do you know what I mean? And so you know, what what what we like to do is just make sure that you you have all the information you know, how's it all going for you? You know, yadda yadda yadda and then just try and like I don't know like what's the know know like the the key point of difference between the new one
and the old one and then just try and sell that feature. Right? But I like I like both angles. And if you had one that was like a really big potential sale hire someone to go in first asking specifically for that product. What? Like just like call call up. Right? I got to say do you have TJ? Do you have the new the device I want to sell? Yeah, yeah.
And just like call reception just like Hey do you guys have this? Oh no. Oh okay. That's a shame. I heard it's really good. And then you just like do that five times and then and then call back. It's devious but it's good. It will work. Okay, so >> I had a guy who had a marijuana store and we we hired actors to go in with a High Times magazine cuz he was High Times [ __ ] strain of the year.
Right. Right that and I and like and he was like he was an inner circle guy and I was like I got the idea for this. And so he was struggling he was cold calling head shops and I was like do you going to get actors cuz it's like they're big contracts, right? I was like you're going to get an actor to go forward like a week before and they're going to ask for the strain they're going to bring the High Times magazine in.
Cuz actors are cheap you can get actors to do stuff for like 50 bucks. Yeah. Right? Cheap as [ __ ] You just go in before and they're like oh do you have this strain? Like ah no I heard it's the best. And then like then they would call up and go hey you know yada yada yada they call call and be like you know it's so weird I had someone come in and ask you about this the other day.
Yeah yeah it's like Amazing. Funny funny that. Yeah. [ __ ] marketing genius. God damn it. >> Okay, so full customer service rep is just hey I saw you purchased XYZ, you know. How's it going? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, exactly. Right? But yeah maybe maybe no have have have you have your lady friend or something call up the day before Yeah.
asking about that that specific thing. It's [ __ ] devious but it will work its ass off. Okay. Beautiful. Thank you very much. All right. Carlos Gill. What's the matter? Hello. Hey Don. Um hey so I I wholesale real estate. Okay. Um I wholesale real estate and I guess I'm kind of struggling with uh I mean I close deals but I feel like I can be way better.
Like I I for one I uh I feel like I'm very transactional with the sellers and I don't really connect on like an emotional level and I feel like I get you know I'm not really I I I feel like that's limiting me and then I feel like I get pushed around a lot with my offer. Uh so I'm kind of curious if you have like any uh any thoughts or any ways that I could fix this.
I mean you just asked like how do I get better at sales? Yeah. That's a super vague [ __ ] question. The the the the options the options right now are kind of like do I just give up on sales and get somebody to like take over sales for me like as a partner or you know keep trying sales. Cuz I feel like I'm very technical and I don't know if like if that's like a limiting belief.
I mean anyone can get good at sales. It's not like a personality thing. It's just like a effort thing, right? Um but uh I mean there are a lot of people in wholesale kind of team up. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know? So like do do you hate sales? I mean I don't love it. I can I feel like I can sell better to investors when I'm talking just numbers than when it comes to like talking to like you know a 70-year-old lady about her you know about like emotional problems.
I find it hard to connect on that emotional level which I'm told that I that I need to. Uh I mean maybe. I don't think it needs to go that deep. Like you're buying someone's home off them, right? Who needs to sell their home? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think it has to be that deep. Um you know but like so I guess the answer is like you know you either give it a good hard crack where you sit down get help and do it.
Uh You know what I mean? Like and if you I don't know if you've done that or not. So you know what I mean? Um you know scripts the whole boxing dice really try and nail it in over like a you know two to three month period. Right? Where you try and get everything right or but if you just [ __ ] hate it but you're good at the other stuff then just partner with someone who likes the sales stuff.
Okay. You know? Cuz like there are plenty of people out there in that realm who like it. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I guess it really just depends on like just just just kind of do what makes you happy. But like I count the the sales question specifically like there are sort of two overarching to answer.
You know it's like how do I connect with a prospect? It's like well [ __ ] me when? You know I think the only thing you want to be just be genuinely interested in them and you'll probably be fine. You know like if you're genuinely like oh yeah if you're interested in someone like that's the best indicator that someone's you know going to react well to you.
Yeah. Right? Um you know But yeah I mean if I could hear like a recording of a call I could give you feedback. But I have no idea Yeah. what to what to what to help fix. But also if you hate sales then you don't have to do it. Like all right don't don't don't do it. Again I don't hate it but it's not something that I that I love.
I feel like I'm better at the technical side and that's kind of what had me thinking down this path. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's like I mean just tons of people out there that are like you know I know like Pace Morby's crew like he hooks people up and they're like they have the cold caller and they have like the deal maker and they have like the paperwork person you know that kind of stuff, right? They all team up together.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. >> Um so it's not it's not a bad way of doing it. Um but if you've never really given it a good hard crack gotten someone to really help you with it Yeah. Right? Like I cuz I don't know if you've done courses or whatever. I yeah I've done I've done courses and I think like I've been in I've been doing this for like like almost five years now and I feel like my bottleneck has been I don't know maybe I haven't tried enough to try and get better in those five years. Uh Get a get a get
a get someone to coach you like one-on-one. Just do like 10 core views. Okay. You know what I mean? Like cuz like that's probably the best way to get like needy greedy feedback, right? Cuz maybe you just do a couple of really dumb things. Yeah. Right? You know what I mean? But yeah. Do you do that? No. Obviously. No.
No. No. Uh I mean I I I I could. It's like it's obnoxiously expensive because I don't want to do it. Um you know what I mean? So So no. So uh but like like Laura does it. Laura's great. Josh is great. Jack's great. You know what I mean? Like if you're struggling with emotionally connecting with someone then reach out to Laura Bruest.
Laura Laura what? Laura Bruest. Also like John La Lond. Do you know John La Lond? I so I'm I'm in his I'm in his full community. In John's. Yeah. Just hire him to do some coaching with you. Okay. He's good, man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I would like I would I that's where I would go cuz it's like real specific.
He knows what he's talking about and it's very specific to like what you're doing. Yeah. Um so like just get a few sessions off him. Just say hey Matt wanted me to get a few sessions off you. Yeah. Cool Google. Awesome. All right. Cool. All right. Brian Martinez. Yes, sir. What's going on, my man? Good. Yeah I I had a question.
Um I kind of do the same as Carlos. I do wholesaling real estate but um like sort of like a personal sales question for you. When you're pitching and you get an objection and you're like juggling one, two, three, four, five objections when do you like stop? Like when do you kind of get like that internal feeling of like damn should I keep pushing or should I actually like chill? Um so you should try and nail it down to you're only dealing with one at a time.
Like if someone's like hey you know this this sounds really good but I just need to go away and and like check in with my wife maybe run it by my girlfriend as well and then like have a look at the finances check with the accountant you know something like that, right? Then I'm just going to go okay money aside do you feel this could be the answer for you? Like I'm going to handle money first.
Right? So like I've got my hierarchy and then I'm going to resolve money completely and then move on to the next concern. Right? So what I want to do is I want to handle logistical concerns then more emotional concerns. Right? So I'm going to handle one at a time. Now there's only so many objections someone can give.
There's only really time, money, think about it, and partner. That's it. Right? And then you've got like split it down the middle. You've sort of got either like emotional or like logical. Yeah? So what I would so like that objection handling matrix go through that and like just learn how to like not cuz they'll say a lot of things but they're all just variants of the same thing.
And you don't need to uh handle the objections that the when they're just saying things. You need to handle the underlying concern. It's like is this time, money, think about it, or partner? Right? And it's almost always going to be money. So if you're not sure just default to money. And then that will get rid of like a lot of the objections because um like the um like they they might give you seven variations of the same one.
Right? Now the next part of the question is when do I just stop? It's when I run out of time or copy [ __ ] anymore. So like do you mean like run out of time like when they're like all right, I got to [ __ ] go. Like No, like I don't mind if they hang up on me. Right? Like that's fine. It it depends like if you want to if you want to take it to the edge then like but like it shouldn't get combative.
If it's getting combative there's a different problem. You know what I mean? Whereas like if I've got the time before my next call then I'm going to probably going to I'm going to keep going. One because like why not and it makes you better. Right? So like you know, but it shouldn't get combative. It shouldn't be like an aggressive conversation.
It's just like yeah man like money aside this could be the answer. Why is that? Okay, makes sense. You know like it's got to stay kind of that chill. I would like really recommend like um you know, look at that uh objection handling matrix. Go through that matrix that hierarchy and make sure that you can like start to identify what objections you're actually getting cuz I would I would hazard a guess that like you're receiving a lot of different types of the same thing but you're just not able to like categorize it properly.
So it means you're kind of having to deal with these real specific minutia type [ __ ] Make sense? Yeah, um so one more um just based on what you just said man. Um So like you don't even care if they just hang up on you. Like you'll keep going until either you run out of time or they hang up, right? Yeah, yeah pretty much.
Cool. >> Yeah. Yeah, like I mean that's how you get good at stuff. Right? So and then if you do that for a while like it'll get to the point where like it will it would just kind of they'll either like it's very obvious what to do. You know what I mean? And that that that will become faster and faster. You know what I mean? >> Cool. No.
>> Good stuff. Uh all right. Um Ash Ali, you managed to find color buddy. You found color buddy. >> Yeah, I don't know. I was coming in old old fashioned. I don't know I was in black and white but I listen, I'm a first timer here. I just joined yesterday. So uh looking forward to to working with you guys.
I'm looking actually for a new gig. I've got like 12 years of high ticket sales, you know, I've worked with Jeremy and all the guys. You can name all the trainers I've been working with. So I was going on your website and I noticed that uh on the YouTube's that there's a there's a couple of options like I already put my application in.
What do you recommend if there's an insurance thing and there's a what's your Cuz I I I sold high ticket up to $100,000 product. So I want to Yeah, so there's sort of three main options at least in my sphere. There's Cole, Cole Gordon. Right? Uh which is a great gig hard to get though. Right? Like high is probably the highest paying hardest gig, right? Uh you have to be very good.
You know what I mean? And they will they will test you. Um but [ __ ] fun. Cole's team is awesome. Um Uh the next one is like committed coaches. So committed coaches in January is going to be nuts. Right? So like if anybody like it's going to be the it's going to be it'll be like shooting fish in a barrel because they have so many leads.
Um it is a little bit lower ticket. It's sort of like that thousand to five thousand range. But it's like insanely high volume. Like hundreds of thousands of leads a month, right? Um and then there's the insurance. Insurance is great uh if you've never sold insurance before you have to get licensed. There's a bit of a barrier to entry but it is like a good sales career I believe.
Right? I don't think it's particularly difficult sales but I think it is really solid. Um uh and so do I know >> I I went on that you know Matt what happened I punched I don't have a license and I said no but it still let me to the page where I can book an appointment with them. I don't want to book it if I don't have a license, right? No, you can book it cuz you can just see if you're going to like it and then from there like he can help you through the licensing process.
It's like two weeks. It's pretty easy. Okay. >> don't know anyone named Igor but it doesn't mean that they are not they were not committed. Committed has a thousand reps. So like Wow. >> And I recruited like 700 of them mate. So like [ __ ] knows. Right? Yeah. I I did fill out your form again. Yeah, yeah sweet as. Um So >> Yeah, so those are like all the all the gigs.
I think committed really good actually. Um I know guys have made like you know, guys there made 100k a month, right? It is like it is a [ __ ] slug though. Like I mean >> And which one which one 100k you said? Like at like committed but like you'd have to work like 15 hours a day. Oh yeah. >> what I mean? Cuz there's sort of like unlimited opportunity and if you're someone who like wants to get really good and just [ __ ] smash dials and just like get seven years of of of like sales experience in a year you go to committed you'll come out an absolute
savage. Right? Um because it's just non-stop dialing all day long and just smacking deals. Um you know and then Cole is probably I think the best opportunity but like you know, they hire one in 500 that should have applied through. I've taken his course I know. It's it's pretty good. >> Yeah, yeah. Yeah, Cole's Cole's awesome.
Yeah. Looking forward to this stuff here. Thank you. Awesome. I think we're actually going to finish on time. This is fantastic. Uh we managed to get through all the questions and Yeah, yeah you can go. Last one. Adrian. Well, I felt like this was going to be a little bit too complicated but so like right now I'm losing >> We'll get back in a short amount of time. I'm I'm just kidding. You're fine.
Yeah, that's awesome. How are you doing? We know you you can handle anything. Um but yeah so like right now I'm losing I'm losing a few deals over a couple hundred bucks. So I know it has to do with something upstream and that's why like this this question might be a little challenging. Um Like what do you think that would be? Like I mean like they go through a payment partner they get denied cuz their credit's bad.
But then they they can only put down like say 1,500. They can't even put down 2,000. I'm like what's the difference between 1,500 and 2,000? 500. What if they if I mean if they don't have it bro. If they you know what I mean? Yeah. Like I always like to get what their cash on hand is.
So first of all I like to make it normal to not get approved. Hey man, so we have these finance partners, right? Like it is it is pretty normal like to not get approved. So like don't stress about it cuz like they might be just a bit embarrassed or whatever. You know what I mean? And then it's like it's 2,000 to get going. Is that what it is? So what what I like to do is I like to go okay, cool.
So is this something that you want to do you need to do you you just we just need to figure out a way like financially to do it. They go yep sweet. Okay, so cool. Cash on hand? Right? Like what do you have? All right, cool. What have you got coming up for bills? So I like to get like the lay of the land. And then it's like listen if they need 2,000 then I'll go like okay, let's break that up into two $1,000 things.
Mhm. So a thousand bucks. Do you have that available? Yes. Okay, cool. So how do we get the other thousand? Okay. Right? So like it's working together to find a solution Yeah. instead of like kind of railroading them into trying to give you cash, right? Mhm. And [clears throat] like breaking up larger goals into smaller goals it's just much easier.
So like you know, if I have to find $5,000 it's like no no no. I've just got to I like I know I can get $2,500 from here. So now I need to find 1250 twice. Okay, how do I find 1250? Like okay, well I've got this I've got this I've got this. I can sell those things. All right, sweet I can do that. Okay, cool. Now can I get 1250 from friends? Maybe can I get 400 three times? Yeah.
Right? See how it's like we start breaking it down into smaller chunks. True. But that's if it was like a one off. Like they still have to go through a payment plan. Yeah, yeah for sure. Yeah, but mate you're selling broke people. So like we do we do we do we do what we can. Yeah. You know, um so then there's like MX Blue.
Right? Yep. Um there's like a number of different sort of you know, get money now type places. Um but also like you know I'm I'm not a huge fan of cashing people out. You know? So I think there's an element man where you just going to have to be like uh it's probably just not the right time for this person.
Just be okay with that. You know? Cuz like is cashing somebody out really worth it? Probably not. You know? When it comes down to it. Um you know, so people can find the money. So like what you do with those people is just like let's stay in touch. Like you want to do this, yeah? Cool man, well [ __ ] go find the money. Okay.
You know what I mean? Like go find it. Go figure it out. You know, go do Uber Eats. Go sell your [ __ ] underpants on OnlyFans or something. You know, and then and then we can go from there. That's what Nick does. Right? Says he does medical device. Right. But cool man. Like I thought it was something like that I was doing wrong upstream.
Um So I'm thinking like >> No, like bro if people like you know, if you're getting them to apply for financing like dude they're they're in. Right? So it's like they just don't have the [ __ ] cash. Yeah. It is what it is, man. All right. All right. Well hey, I'll take that. I'll run with it. >> You've forgotten what it's like to be broke. It's a good position to be in.
>> [laughter] >> I've been looking too good. I've been looking good for too long. Exactly. Yeah, big [ __ ] All right. All right, guys. Good to see you all and I I'll see you soon. Bye. Later. >> His record would like to count the challenges. Seven wins and eight
