All righty, guys. So, this is the new
platform. So, if you've just joined on
Patreon or you've just joined on
YouTube, uh uh I'm sorry, but this is
the new one. So, uh I've completely
re-shot everything. I've been working on
this for a while. And we do have good
news, a 7-day free trial. Okay? So, you
can cancel this one, come over, get
seven days for you, make sure that it's
worth it, and then if you want to stay,
you can stay. So, this is the school.
Okay? And I'm going to show you like a
uh a basic member that just joins view.
So, first and foremost, we have
everything kind of much better
organized. And I've done it all in
courses. I've reshot all of the
material. I think there's only like
maybe 10 videos that crossed over from
one to the other. And I've kind of
reshot the whole box and dice and
updated it for what I think needed to be
done cuz some of the content was old and
I really wanted to update it. So, uh you
know, you start here and we've got like
all sales trackers. We actually have an
affiliate program here. So, you get 30%
commissions which is great. That's just
paid to you automatically. Um and then
you can generate affiliates and then you
can also I have content here that you
can use downloadable resources, sales
opportunities and then we get the juicy
bit like sales fundamentals. So like um
you know we have a lot of like very
in-depth stuff here. Obviously I didn't
redo the sales calls um but like I
really tried to break it down like all
the things that people ask regularly on
coaching calls that they're really just
not getting. And so I can go, okay,
cool. Like goal setting, making a
winning routine, how to problem solve
your sales, how to optimize your time,
and then like live sales calls, right?
So, um, like questions, referrals,
everything. So, like sales fundamentals
101, tried to really cover the basics
there. Then we go into like objection
handling. Now, the way that a lot of the
courses laid out, they're they're all
laid out as like one clear course. So,
it's like the first thing is like an
overview and then it's like, okay, cool.
This is what you're going to see. And
then it's like key concepts. So, it's
like uh basically here's like some just
some some background information on like
key concepts that you need to learn in
order to do the nitty-gritty. Then we go
into like nitty-gritty. Okay, this is
the objection handling matrix. This is
how it's done. And then I want you to
post up and I'm going to give feedback.
Then we've got like live examples. Then
it's like here's the recordings of me
teaching this over an 8week period in a
group with a bunch of special guests.
Okay? So it's like very very
comprehensive. It's like something like
uh 20 hours of course there just for the
objection handling component. Okay. Then
we go in and same similar layout for
like scripting. Now in scripting what's
cool is I just gave you a bunch of
scripts. Okay. Um there's also like a
templated script. Okay. So it's like you
watch this, I explain it and then you
can go and download it. There's a
generic one. This is my very first
script that I had written for me. Right?
And then I've got like how to build a
script, how your personality affects the
script, learning scripts, and then you
post up your script. And then I have
like here's an 8week course that I did
where I taught people how to write
scripts. Okay. Um then it's like okay
cool. We go through sales management and
this has got every tracker that you
could ever imagine. How to run
successful sales teams. Selling with
stories, business mastery, the dark
arts, right? All my recorded sessions.
There's tons of them and they're add all
the time. We have a referrals follow-ups
and CRM farming course. Mastering
tonality how to pitch. And here's like
all the different people that you can
see all their calls. Right? You know
what I mean? So it's like here agency
mastery like these these are all the
coaches. Okay. So go in um also one of
the cool things is like you can just go
in here go to the calendar. You can just
you know and you can just pick your
course. So you can just pick your
session and it just makes life a heck of
a lot easier. And month the person who
signs the most amount of affiliates gets
a free one-on-one with me. So, uh, come
in now, get your 7-day free trial, and
then I'm kicking off a course which is
going to kick off, I think, February,
like midFebruary, and it's going to be
three times a week with me. And we are
going to literally be going through like
uh week one sales fundamentals, week
two, objection handling, week three,
scripting, week four, selling with
stories, week five sort of, you know,
uh, mastering tonality, week six how to
pitch. Right? So, we're going to be
going through these in depth. It's going
to be new content stuff that I I I would
rather do coaching and do some Q&As and
then we're going to actually have you do
these things along with me and that's
we're going to kick that off. So,
everyone who's in the premier tier and
above over the course uh from
midFebruary to the end of March will be
in that course. And uh yeah, guys, I
look forward to it. I want to see you in
there. Uh I hope the community goes
crazy and I hope that we win the school
games.
