Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to module three, the in-depth nitty-gritty sales training. This has got a lot of stuff. Okay, we're going to go over all this good stuff right here, right? And uh once again, my monthly Q&A call link is there. You just click this bad boy and then you just register. The times do change. Okay, the next one is here.
If you're watching this sometime past this, the times do change, but they're usually always going to be on a Friday Australia time, which is going to be a Thursday, US time, and I don't know where else. And uh my times, they move around a bit. Okay. All right. So, what we're going to be doing is we're going to be going over some of the old school types of selling, right? Objections, trial closes, how to build a knowledge gap, and I kind of go through that in detail.
lifestyle factors, which is really handy for non ROI offers or just offers where you're not trying to sell based off making more money, right? Where you can actually go into finding out how um you can change a little bit in their lifestyle in order to get uh find some budget for them and you do it before you get objections, which makes it really handy.
Uh how to get someone's motive like their true motive. How to have a good phone manner build rapport faster. So fast food, alcohol, stimulants, tobacco, entertainment, restaurant. Great for anything non ROI or health related. All right. And you can also get really good budget from that. Discovery call, triage call, whatever you want to call it.
Um some group outbound training that I've done. Okay. Um and here is uh sales call training. Here's a full sales call roleplay. Um a video on not setting agendas. Okay. Because I don't like setting agendas. uh a live sales call that I have objections 101. So this is um you know different ways of handling objections the mindset uh and you guys can read this goes all the way through lots and lots and lots of objections this is some really really nitty-gritty stuff what to track and why why we get think about it objections don't set
agendas apparently again which is great can never have enough um getting the goal how to get referrals the SOPs how to customize your pitch perspective reframe breakdown which is always a good one script training triage training, referral script training, and then some one-on- ones that I've done.
And don't forget, guys, this is where you can sign up for your calls here. Bye.
