I don't know if they can. >> They can. Wait one second. Where is it? [Music] Oh, people can. All right. So, he does. Let me know if you if you cannot hear me on YouTube. Okay, cool. All right, guys. So, we're going to be going over this vlog. Okay. So, first of all, what we have to uh define follow-up. Okay.
Uh follow-up is not you cannot an objection. Okay. And so you just go like, "Hey, in two weeks I'll reach out to you and speak to you." Right? That's not what follow-up is. Follow-up is is you have a lead that has a logistical concern, right? And they have a want and a desire to actually do the product, to buy the product or get the service, but there is something that's stopping them.
Okay? So, we have to be very clear on that because I think a lot of people, and you can let me know if you're guilty of this. What they do is they have a sales call, they don't close them. They kind of can't handle the objection. They go, "Hey, let's set a follow-up call for two weeks.
" And all of a sudden, now you're kind of like stacked with these name booked calls, right? That sort of do nothing. You know what I mean? They rarely show up and yada yada yada. So, I think that's why people think that follow-up doesn't really work, whereas that's just not kind of how it works. So first thing is first is you have to get a you have to get someone to want the product or service like they have to actually want it right so there has to be a desire to move forward and it has to be more of like this isn't like a fear objection that you couldn't
overcome this is there is a logistical objection which is why you guys have got to get square on your objections like if it's logistical just can't really move forward right because there's just an issue then like what we're going to do is then set a goal and a time for them to be able to overcome that objection or or like uh sorry um to overcome that like like logistical barrier. Okay.
So, when I'm when I'm selling somebody um and it's like it's clear that they want to do it, they need to do it, but there is something in the way. If someone doesn't have the cash on hand, that's not a poor mindset. They do not have the cash on hand, right? There's just something stopping them. or they might have a business partner or someone or they might actually need to speak to their partner because like they cannot make that buying decision without them.
Right? All these things if true are totally fair enough, right? We can't like beat people over the head with mindset bats because like they need to speak to their wife about spending 20K. Most of you would as well, right? So, it's like it's fine. All right? as long as it's like genuine and legitimate. In which case, your objection handling is designed to uncover that to make sure that concern is actually real, right? Then it's like, okay, cool.
What are the next steps? Okay, so once you've confirmed all of that, it's like, okay, uh what I'll do is I'll go, okay, it seems this is something that you really need and want. Yeah. And there's just a barrier in the way. Okay, how long do you need to overcome that obstacle? And I asked them that directly. How long do you need? If they say a month, I'm going to challenge them to do it in like a week or sorry, like in like in like three weeks.
If they say I only need a week, right? And it's like they have to it seems fairly complicated. There's a lot of things going on. I'm going to challenge them that are they sure that's all they need? Because what I want is I want a reasonable and predictable time frame they can actually get it done in because the these people are actually going to try and overcome this obstacle.
Right? This isn't like pretend followup. It's real followup. So it's like they have a need, a want and a desire. Okay? So it's uh so we go, okay, when can you get that done? Now they can't overcome 14 different logistical issues in a week, right? Um, so like that's not going to happen. So it's like, hey, that's a lot of stuff to do in a week.
Does that seem reasonable or do you feel like you need more time? If they think about it, give them more time because that means what you don't want for them to not do it in a week and then give up, right? Like that's not like that's not good. Also, if it seems pretty simple and they think they need two months, I'd go, "Hey, like if I challenge you, do you reckon you can get it done in six weeks?" Okay.
So the first thing is we need to find that nice bracket of time that we think seems reasonable to solve that problem and then we need to kind of like lock that in. Now what we're not going to do, okay, is book a call. That's not going to happen. We're never going to book calls, right? Say it with me.
In follow-up, we never book calls, okay? You just block time out in your diary, okay? uh for follow-ups and referrals and you can block that out. And then today what I'll give you is I'll give you a like what to do um like what to do when I have a no-show type thing. Okay. Um yeah, I'll write all that out today. Okay.
So, it's like a it's like how to there's like scheduled tasks and unscheduled tasks. Okay. So, and that's how you be like super productive in sales. But we don't book the follow-ups, right? So, what we do is then we go, okay, cool. We get the time. Then it's like, all right. Uh, then what we do is we ask them, okay, for what is a reasonable like outreach sequence for them? I know that sounds crazy.
It's like, hey, how often are you okay with me reaching out to you to make sure that you're still on track? Right? So, it's not like that's why when people say, hey, what's a good sequence? The answer is whatever is good for the person, right? And everyone's going to be different. Some people say, "Hey, yeah, once a week.
" And I'll say, "If I call you twice a week or just message you once a week, call you once a week. Are you cool with that?" Yep. Sweet. Now, now we're cool. Like, we have permission. Like, this is no big deal, right? And then we don't have to do like valuebased follow-up because valuebased follow-up is for people that are sort of massively on the fence.
It's a totally different thing. This is people who want to do it, which is like hopefully you're good enough at sales to where people at the end of a sales call want to do something. Okay? If they're not, if you're not and they don't want to do it, then you're probably not good enough at sales.
All right? So, we get that agreed upon schedule, then from there, um, what I'll do is like, uh, I will just set little reminders for myself. And in the CRM, I'll write notes and I'm going to like set reminders for myself, right? So use your CRM as like your daily task tool. And so have a list of daily tasks. Okay. So I used to use close a lot.
And what I used to do is um so like the task I would go okay cool uh message message for follow-up on this date on this date on this date on this date on this date on this. I would do like lock in all the dates because every single morning when I wake up the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to address all of my tasks.
Like that's what I'm going to do as a sales rep in this year. I'm going to address the tasks that I've set for myself, right? And there's going to be follow-up tasks and there's going to be like outreach tasks. There's going to be like I'm also and I'll go over this in a second on like how we can find some buckets of where like low hanging fruit sales are, but I'm going to use that mechanism or whatever mechanism you use best, whether it's a to-do list in your phone or whatever, but you need to set yourself those reminders to do that.
Um, one of the things that I do these days is I have like a deep focus time in my diary. They go for 60 to 90 minutes and that's every single task is laid out back to back. Right? So my EA just goes in and fills in every admin task I have to do and then that like she hyperlinks it. But you could do that for yourself where you have like a focus time and then you just put in all of the like like like referrals you want to ask for all all the leads that you want to reach out to, right? Anyone that you don't get to, you
just move to the next one. Right? That way you can like you make sure that you're hitting everybody. Okay. Also, you want to have your pipeline uh little poster that we spoke about last week. Okay. You want to make sure that that is up and that you have that and that you're trying to bring people down the line.
Okay. So, there's any questions on that so far before we then go into the next part. I think YouTube's [ __ ] so I'm going to stop that. You guys got no questions. No, you guys are good to go. Okay, cool. All right, so uh then from there, okay, uh then what we do is we block out multiple pieces of time.
Okay, so uh you want to have your lowest show up time periods. So in the high ticket course, okay, I've given you guys the like show up rate. Okay. So, in this in this document, Yeah. it's got all of the trackers. Yeah. Okay. All of them. Right. So, one of them is the uh one of them is like the time optimizer. Okay. If you guys use that, you will make more money in the same time or the same money in less time, right? Guy came on today and he's, you know, he's like so like uh Matteo, right? It's like, you know, Mondays and Fridays are not good for
show up, rate, you know. So, if you just don't allow anyone to book in those times, like that's a a very good thing because people don't show up. Um, if you want a really good software, Matteo, uh, I don't know if you're the business owner, but sales kick. >> I've not heard of it, man. What is it? Similar to HubSpot or >> No, no, no.
say it's specifically for like what you're doing like high ticket calendar management and it will like double book move things around. You know what I mean? It does it automatically. >> Yeah. I'll have a look into that sales kick you said. >> Yeah. Yeah. The guy's name is uh uh Spencer Van. Um the guy who owns it is Cole Gordon CMO. He's actually my CMO as well.
Um but he's he's he's really good. So, uh it's a it's a very good software. Like it basically automatically moves like it uses a bit of AI but then like a bunch of rules and it integrates into your calendar system and stuff like that and then it and then it uh you can set all the priorities and then it will just physically move around all of the calendars to be optimal right and if you're having show rate issues like that's a good way to do it because Cole I don't know if you've ever used Cole stuff but like Cole's sales
operations stuff is probably the best I've ever seen. Cole is probably the most organized human being I've ever met. >> Thanks, man. I'll look into that. >> Yeah. >> Uh Halvin. >> Yeah. So, um just had a question. What's the best way to keep track of your most like no show times? >> First of all, I hate you.
Um because I gave you that, right? So, >> but is that like like set in stone? Like is it always just like that? Because you said not to um like you know what I mean? Like like not to just test it out. You know what I mean? >> I mean like you just got to track it. Like so, um, if if shows and no shows and cancellations and reschedules are being tracked, okay, uh, at all, like if they're being logged, then it's pretty simple because, um, like you could download the report off Cali or whatever you're using, right, um, of the outcomes of every
booking and you could whack that in chat GPT and it would just tell you, okay, all of you can do that. uh chat GPT is a tremendous resource for like sales optimization and sales management because if you're tracking data then it's pretty good at analyzing data right so now you can't give it anything too overly complicated right but like if you have a if you're for example like you just download the calendarly like CSV file of the outcomes of the last 500 things it'll show like the time but you know what you're really interested in is
you're interested as a as a sales rep in in your time zone, right? So, like I think the easiest way is just to track it for like four weeks. Like it it really is, right? Because if you're tracking it and you're like, "Oh man, like over the course of this four weeks, like you can easily see that like there's a pretty consistent pattern of like, you know, these times are always red.
" Then like what I would do is like that's admin, that's followup, that's gym, that's gym, you know what I mean? And that's [ __ ] like I just don't work, you know? Like I ended up sort of finishing work when I was a full-time sales rep at like sort of 3 p.m. on Fridays, 2 p.m. on Fridays, right? And then like this block was always referrals. I asked for a lot of referrals, right? If you guys want to like significantly increase your income without having to get better at sales, like do this follow-up stuff that I'm telling you and just ask for a lot of
referrals. Referrals are really easy to ask for. In fact, everybody asked for referral right now. Like, hey, Halen. Um, appreciate you being part of the program. How how do you think it's helped you out so far? It's been great. What about it? >> I just love the fact that we come in here and like get to like practice and, you know, get to see what everybody else is doing in their own niche and implement stuff.
>> Okay. Is there anything that like a problem that you feel like it's helped you solve the most? >> Uh, I mean just getting better at objection handling for sure. >> Okay. Do you know anyone else in your network that might want to get better at objection handling? >> Yeah, for sure. >> Okay.
How would I best get in touch with them? >> Uh, I'll give you a phone number. >> Yeah. >> Or their ID tag. >> ID tag. You just say I'll just say their name into social media. I'm sure they'll pop up. Um, but like when you go to that person, like what do you think you'll say? >> Uh, they'll probably say they'll they'll look into it. >> Okay.
But like how would you describe it though? >> Hey man, you just got to join this this uh sales group. You know, it's the real deal. >> Okay. Do you mind if I make a suggestion? >> Sure. >> Instead of telling them that, why don't you tell them about how before you started you were struggling with objections and you know, you think that it was maybe like, you know, you didn't really have the knowledge in order to be able to handle think about it or stuff like that.
and like joining it has sort of really opened your eyes and helped you handle those more effectively. Do you feel like that might be a better way to do it? >> Yeah, that sounds a lot better. >> All right, cool. And so when do you think you'll get a chance to talk to this person? >> I'm sorry. >> When do you think you get a chance to talk to them? >> Today probably after the training.
>> Okay. So like if I reach out to you like tomorrow, you feel like you'd be able to make an intro? >> Yeah. >> Okay. What time tomorrow you think I should reach out to you? >> Whatever you want, Matt. >> In the morning. No. Is that difficult? >> No, >> you just ask everyone like that, right? Like it's just simply just doing that.
Now, the way that referrals work is that um uh you know, only a small percentage of people will actually give you one. Okay? But the ones that do will give you many. Okay? Like I'm a super referer. When I like a business that I work with, I literally I I'll get man I I like I I make about seven grand a month off referral commissions right now totally passively just from like like and I didn't even like want them.
I was just like and there's businesses that I refer to that I don't want any but like I was sending them a lot of people. They're like no no no man like we want to pay you. And I was like sweet but like so I send like 20 agency clients you know what I mean? So that's because I think they're good at what they do. So like I I speak to people.
I go, "Oh, you should speak to these people. They're really good." And I just do the intro there and then because I'm like a really good referer. So I push people to to use the product because I'm like, "Oh, this is really good. You should use it. It will help you." Right? Now, if you're like that, then chances are you're probably better at getting referrals.
You know what I mean? Just because like that's how you are. Um, but if you meet those people and like they're not going to be obvious, but you have to ask them, right? Or you have to let them know like that's what you want. You know what I mean? And yes, I keep reaching out to the same people.
I can I can go into my phone right now like uh the manager for Andy Elliott's group, right? um if I type referral in right I sent him yesterday like literally yesterday. I said, "Let me know when I can get some of them sweet, sweet referrals, bro." And he said, "I'm going to pull a list of clients today and start seeing the team and sitting over next 40 say less. Let's do it.
" Right? And so like I love connecting people. If I if I go into if I just put like referral um like like in my things it's like I got a new phone but um but I ask people for referrals constantly. It's like I reckon I got five referrals this week, right? Um I got a good referral today. I got Hermosi. That was a good referral.
Um uh but yeah, like I ask for them all the time and so you know is a [ __ ] referral savage is Cole Gordon. Absolute savage of referrals. But I really encourage you guys is anyone here and raise your hand think that you cannot ask for referrals. Good. Because I was going to be an evisceration.
Um so who here is going to ask for a referral uh in the next 24 hours? Sweet and not everyone raising their hand. You bunch of [ __ ] right? Have a look. Yeah. [ __ ] I should see >> actually I have a question. >> Let's do it. >> Yeah. Because like I was thinking when I can ask referral when when is the best time and the thing is like that I'm setting and closing and then I don't have I don't have contact with a client.
So basically >> why don't you have contact with them >> when to ask what >> why don't you have contact with them >> uh like it's not my like it's not my job again like they they are just on on board and we are saying like the uh marketing strategy for carpenters so yeah I just have another clients >> if you want to get referrals and potentially upsell people then you would need to like it's not the salesperson's to >> deliver the product.
But if you want to be a successful salesperson, I would highly recommend that you like don't just sell and ghost. >> So after after two months, let's say, call them, ask them and talk about it. >> Uh so like I've asked for referrals on uh outbound calls that didn't want to book a sales call. Mhm. >> Like I just outbound people and go, "Hey," they go, "No, I don't think it's for me." Okay, cool.
Hey, do you know anyone who you think it would benefit? >> Okay, just essentially they go, "Yes." So, like the answer is you could literally just ask everyone for a referral. You could ask your barista for a referral. >> Like it's true. >> It's not like it's not um it's not like difficult or or like even weird. It's just people don't ask for them.
So, you're better off just asking like as many people as you can. If you ask for a 100 referrals a week, you'll probably get 10. Like, [ __ ] man. 10 referrals a week, that's pretty good. You could if you've been if you've been selling for a business for say six months, there's a good chance that if you really really tried hard, you wouldn't need inbound leads because like the network.
So you have you you ever heard of anyone ever heard of the six degrees of separation, right? So it's like the every single person is connected by six degrees, right? And there's a whole science behind it. It's got to do with like nodes and outlier nodes and stuff like that, right? But like how like where do you live? >> I live in Poland.
>> I'm in Rhode Island. >> You're in Rhode Island, Matuch? Like where do you live? Matus. >> Yeah. Yeah. I live in Poland. Poland. Europe. >> Oh, thoughts and prayers, buddy. Right. >> I That place is [ __ ] wild these days. >> I went to Lake High School, buddy. Um All right. So, um but you guys are now connected, right? All right.
So, like in the Discord, everyone here in the Discord, right? Okay. I guarantee you you guys have referrals for each other. Right. I I I guarantee >> um also but you guys are now connected and so like that means that like you've just massively widened your networks. It's just that people aren't looking at that way. >> So um I'm going to break it down to some actionable actionable tangent steps.
Okay. So with the follow-ups, you just do that thing and I'll bring it back to referrals in a second. So once you get that buying, once you get that like, okay, I'm going to do it on this time. This is what we're going to agree to. Then you just stay diligent with that. And your whole point is that you're just looking to work it forward.
And that might turn into one month, might turn into three months, might turn into six months, might turn into 12 months. The whole idea is that you have a pipeline and you have 50 different irons in the fire, right? This is what creates sales velocity and this is what creates like really one very very high close rates because like you could have a 60 80% close rate because you might close deals over a text message which means like that week in your data right if you close three deals without a sales call then like that's like you you go from 20
sales calls booked in five sales to 20 sales calls booked in eight sales, Right? Because like that's what that week's data will look like because there are follow-ups from months ago. Right? So I once had a week with a 357% close rate. It's just because I I like basically did a huge pipeline push and I try I closed out like 15 people in my pipeline, you know what I mean? Uh because like leads were down and so I just pushed really hard to get everybody in and like squeeze them down, you know what I mean? And so like I got
permission to run a promo that got some of them up the line because they could put less down, etc., etc., right? So I just closed a shitload of follow-up deals, you know what I mean? And then what that did is that cashed out my pipeline. So the usual two to three sales per week that I was getting from follow-up because that was about my average went down to one.
You know what I mean? So which meant that my overall sales went down for like the next like six weeks while I built that pipeline back up. But that I knew that that was going to happen. But what it did is it like it it was a mechanism to kind of keep the momentum going because I wasn't sure when the like when everything was going to go back to normal, you know what I mean? And so I just made sure that I just kind of like really consolidated and smashed my pipeline.
And I decided to take two weeks off out off of that so I could go on holiday, do my thing. Because I'd squeeze that pipeline so hard. I knew that like it was going to take me a while to rebuild it and I wanted to give them time to rebuild the marketing and make that all fixed before I came back.
What I didn't do is leave the offer, right? Because like I knew that I had the ability to do that. Okay? So, having that like nice good follow-up strategy, it's not like a one and done, right? You you want to be in a position to where a couple of um like like a couple of um um yeah, you want to be in a position to where like you're always getting some like follow-up sales.
You know what I mean? All right. And like that's basically how you do it. Okay. Now, when it comes to maintaining your follow-up, okay, and then doing referrals, the best thing you can do is have a set list of scheduled tasks and unscheduled tasks. Okay. So, your scheduled tasks are things that are in your diary that are scheduled that you must do, right? So, it's going to be like team meetings, sales calls, whatever these like things that are like have to be done at certain times, then those are all scheduled out. Then you've
got your uh unscheduled tasks, which you do, which is why as a sales rep, you can sort of um you you can seem like you're working a lot more than what you are. Um and it's because you are guaranteed to have no-show time. So, you need to use that no-show time appropriately, right? So, when people no show or you have a block in your diary, you don't do nothing.
You do a specific series of tasks, okay? And you activate that as soon as like that no-show is happening. You're like, "Okay, cool. This is the no-show." First thing you do is call the next guy, the next call and try and bring them forward. Hey, I just had a cancellation. Are you free now? Right. Perfect. Okay. So, you try and bring that next one forward.
Then from there, uh, what you're going to do is you're going to then confirm your next calls. So, step one, bring that guy forward. Step two, confirm your next calls. Right? Step three, anyone from tomorrow you're going to try and bring forward to today, right? You always want to be bringing the sales closer to you, right? You mean you want to bring them closer to you, right? And so like because the closer they are to the lead origin, like the lead date origin, the hotter that lead is, right? So, like if you're if you think about it, like the
hottest and most highest intent someone can be is the moment they opt in or book the call. Most of you don't even speak to them until they hop on the call. Like you don't even attempt to reach out, which is so incredibly lazy. It's unbelievable, right? Like I will speak to someone before the sales call most of the time, right? like I'll at least text them or do something to try and engage in some conversation because it's going to massively increase my show rate and then I will learn more about them. They have
like, you know, and then like it's it's going to be a better conversation. Uh Adrian. >> Adrian, I don't know your name. >> Yeah. No, it's Adrian. It's just spelled funny. >> Okay, cool. Um >> yeah, I just wanted some clarity. So you you're saying that you're confirming the call the day of, not the day before.
Oh, like the the second they book in, like literally the second, I'll usually text them like immediately. >> Okay. But usually they're not booking that same day with you. Like they're booking in like the future. >> Yeah. >> No, they're not. Like the the the calendar system is going to do the automated follow-up stuff, right? It's going to do the automated reminder stuff.
What I want to do is establish a connection between me and them, >> right? So, I want to be like, "Hey man, I just saw you just booked into my diary." I want to do it immediately because like that person the the likelihood of them not replying when it's like immediate when they've booked in is super low and if they don't and they don't reply to you ever that's super weird.
They're probably never going to show up. >> Makes sense, >> right? You know what I mean? And so um it's like it's clearly a personal message. Like I just have like some you know you put like XYZ12 and then it just automatically kind of fills in type thing, right? And then I I do that that will massively increase. I I I was on I had a sales sniper offer a couple years ago.
Um and it was just book calls straight into the calendar and the team had a 35% show rate. I went in and I was like, "Put me on the calendar. What's going on?" So I went in for a week and I had a different name. Not that they would know who I am anyway, but like I didn't want to give the team excuses. I had a 90% sure rate, right? And the team was at 35.
And I was like, "What in the [ __ ] are you guys doing?" I was like, "How can I? I'm just the same calendar. There's no difference. It's just I was put on as a sales rep and I'm getting everyone to show up and you're getting >> so I just I had a notification when somebody booked in and I was like, "Hey man, so so that you booked in and it was like a more B it's like a it was like a sort of it was like a business coaching B TOC B2B type you know kind of hybrid.
" So they would have their you know uh their name at and then it was like you know their URL. So I would assume that was their website which it almost always is. I would go on to the website and go, "Hey, just run into your website. Um, had a look at what you do," which shows that like I'm showing interest in you and I'm taking effort.
Okay? Always make sure you do that because like if they don't have a website or sometimes it redirects to like nothing, they're like, "What are you talking about?" Then like they think you're a [ __ ] straight away, right? Um, so like, you know, you just do that and be like, "Hey, is there anything that I can uh prepare for to make sure we have the most productive call possible?" Like there's no reason for that person not to show up because I'm going like, "Hey, how do I best serve you?" You know what I mean? I don't believe in the status frame
[ __ ] right? I I I believe that like my competence will show my status. You know what I mean? My ability to speak and hold myself will show that like I don't need to like play pretend word games with people, not like oh I'm super busy. Like no, no, I want to make salesmen. So like I'm going to make it easy to to be sold by me.
Like I'm going to be easy. you know what I mean? Um, like I want you to show up so I can sell you. I'm going to try and make it as seamless as humanly possible, right? I'm also going to make sure they know that it's okay to reschedule. Like, hey man, I know that life gets in the way. So, if you something does come up, which is like more important than this, like kids, family, whatever, just let me know and I'm more than happy to accommodate.
they're far less likely to do that because like you're showing them their respect and you're showing them that I'm interested. Whereas like most sales reps just ghost people and then just show up and be like what's up man and they get pissed off when people know show it's like you didn't even [ __ ] reach out to them like what are you doing? You know what I mean? And so and the earlier you can do and also that gives me now an opportunity where if I have a cancellation right because usually I have a cancellation the same day I'll be
like hey I'm actually free in two hours if you have time. They go, "Oh, yeah. Speed for free then." And dude, like my chance of selling that person is like 10x, you know, and that but that's like the problem is you can't automate that. You just have to make your sales reps do it, right? But if you're a sales rep, like do it.
It it's it's insanely effective, you know? And it's worked on every single thing I've ever sold, you know? >> Appreciate that. >> Yeah, no worries, dude. Uh, >> yeah. So, um, you said that all of your closers confirm their own calls. I was wondering, um, do they get some of the information pre- call? Like, they try to get some of that information, uh, before the actual call.
They just, hey, confirm we're on for 12. Cool. Cool. And then they just leave. >> No. So, they'll text and they'll do the exact same test that I just said, right? Like the URL of their thing is probably going to be their website. That's if they, you know, if obviously if it's B TOC, they're not going to have a website, right? But they'll say, "Hey, I just it's just hey thanks Matt from XYZ.
I saw you like literally just booked it on my calendar for XYZ time and day. Uh, you know, excited to chat to you. Is there anything that I can prepare for to make sure that we have the most productive call possible?" I find that SMS that could so we can have the most productive call possible. It's a great initiator because it's like it it requires a response.
If you just go to I'm just confirming that they don't have to reply to that. So they're not getting any like information before the call? Like they're not like digging for any kind of info? No. >> No. I just want people to show up, man. I don't talk. >> You know what I mean? And then if they had How much are you making? >> Bring them forward.
>> No, dude. I don't need to like I don't need to try and make my life easier for the sales. I just want them to show up. >> That's like nothing else matters but them showing until until they show up and then all that stuff matters. You know what I mean? All right, Rico. >> Yes, sir.
So, uh I'm in the online fitness coaching space. Uh mostly generation happens through the Instagram DM, stuff like that. So, I hear you guys talk of course about, you know, uh outbound calling and stuff like that, but we set the calls inside the chats. Is there any thing that is different from, you know, sending these reminders? Um because basically we try to book the call ourselves. So from a setting point.
>> Yeah. So you're doing DM setting yourself? >> Yeah. No, no, I've got setters. >> Uh so is there anything? What are you asking? Sorry. >> So basically you have a process that that entails here to the guys like outbound calling uh and what you can do, right? But my process is like DM setting uh where we have an active conversation then try to book the call.
Is it more like in that way of booking the call, send them maybe to a a page with all kind of videos or how would you go about that to to make sure they show up? >> Well, again, I think the closer can just reach out to them once they've booked, right? So, I think that going to like an FAQ page is a good idea.
Um, like I think a good pre-all sequence is is important. I think it makes sense. Like I think it's more important for B2B. Like I think my pre-all sequence and my for dialer I think is really good. Um I think uh you know it makes a lot of sense. It it definitely like warms people up. It it it it does a job of educating them on key points that we want them to be educated on.
Um and then what it does is it's like uh questions calendar redirect to an FAQ page. The FAQ page is like a video explainer of sort of like why the product exists and what we do. And then um from there uh like that's a YouTube video that's embedded. The reason why it's a YouTube video is it's an unlisted YouTube video because then it gets them to start watching more of my YouTube videos because once they watch one, it will the algorithm will immediately just start serving them more of my content.
So that's a that's a good free retargeting mechanism that I don't have to pay for, right? And then it usually creates a higher level of trust when they hit the sales call. And then from there, like the email and text sequence um is very like educational based, right? And it's like preparing them what numbers they should have ready, you know what I mean? And then and all that kind of stuff and what things they want to understand and yada yada yada.
>> Perfect. Thank you very much. >> Yeah, easy peasy. All right, Pat. >> Hey, I'm not sure if I'm overthinking this, but like when you're reaching out after it to to manually confirm the the booking, right? Are you does it matter if you message them from like a a different outbound line or does than the automated one or >> No, I like I think I would you know the automated one I I doubt you'll be able to message from it but if you can I mean like yeah just do it from whatever because like it's it's one that you want
to be able to reply from right >> and ideally one that you can do quickly. I mean, I know some guys that have automated that exact message. So, like it's a workflow within HubSpot they do where it goes out from a number specific for that rep and they've just automated it and their show up rates went up to about 78%.
Um, I like the rep doing it just because I think it's a like me as a rep, I want to do it myself, right? But that's just a me thing. But if you you know there are ways to automate it um and you know and then they can get notified when somebody replies, etc., etc., and they can go on there and have the conversations like it can be done.
Um, but like you know, uh, Helvin. >> Yeah. Uh, so I was gonna ask something a little bit different. It's kind of in regards to lead magnets. Is that okay to ask here or >> I mean, is it about sales or is it about marketing? >> Yeah. Like I was just trying to figure out like for you like what do you think has been the best way for you to come up with lead magnets so you can generate more leads and, you know, sell more and book more? >> I love lead magnets.
I have [ __ ] shitloads of them, right? Um, >> how do you come up with the best put together? >> Uh, the cheat code way is to take all of the sales calls and find all of the most common problems and then write lead magnets around specific problems. The problem that people do with lead magnets is they're too vague and ridiculous, right? Whereas like all the ones that I do are quite specific uh because they're designed to call out a specific problem which means that like they'll be super cheap.
Um like I can get 80 cent lead magnet leads. >> Can you give an example like on what's something that's too vague versus something that's like kind of spoton? >> Uh nine steps to systemize your business would be vague as [ __ ] Right. That's one that I used to sell when I was a sales rep.
Like that was that was their lead magnet. It's just extremely vague, right? Um, a good one, like for example, like the objection handling matrix is a really good one. Um, that's been downloaded like 50,000 times. I have a really uh one that's worked really well for me is like the um uh step-by-step guide to increasing your pickup rates.
That's been a good one. So, it's not like how to improve your outbound dialing. It's like step by step how to improve pickup rates. Like, that's really specific. I have another one that's been downloaded a bunch which is like um you know stir shaken and add a stationation um like understanding for outbound managers like that's really specific because and it's like calling out an outbound manager which is good but you sort of it wants to be a specific problem to a specific niche.
Um most lead magnets are just way too broad which is why they don't work. >> Thanks. >> Yeah. Uh, all right, Jack, this will be the last question I got to bounce out of it. >> Uh, so we have setters that do all of the confirmations. They set our Zoom calls and then even the call that we book after that, they're confirming all of that.
Would I reach out myself personally to send them an extra text to be like because they're just confirming it saying reply? Why am I saying all right, is there anything that I can prepare for the call to make it as Yeah. >> Yeah. If you do yourself, you you'll be and the good thing is then you have the conversations.
So if you do have cancellations, you can bring everyone forward. >> Yeah. >> Right. Just bring everyone to you as fast as possible. >> Yeah. >> How do I get Josh's past calls? You probably don't make I don't know. There's no requirement for him to record them. So um show up or don't, buddy. Um yeah. Um, so, uh, yeah. So, okay.
So, that's my like kind of follow-up. We don't show up stuff, referral stuff. Um, the key thing is like to have all of these scheduled tasks and unscheduled tasks in your in your calendar. So, it's like if you're doing referrals, followup, outbound, getting your pools, right? Have those as a series of unscheduled tasks that you do in your no-show.
So if you have like 10 things that you want to get done, right? Then like if you have 10 no-shows, you can do one for every no-show, right? But you might get through three in the first one, one in the second one, three in the third one, right? And then it's like, okay, now you have this time. Then it's like, okay, cool.
Then go back to your pipeline, right? So when you're sitting there as a sales rep, make sure that every single hour of the day that you set out to work is just hyperproductive. You know what I mean? And and that's kind of how you you end up doing that. That's how you end up being as successful as humanly possible. and you end up like not writing the highs and lows of high ticket especially.
Um and then ask for referrals. The best way to ask for referrals is you know the easiest way is to um find the high point right but you guys are going to overthink this. So but the easiest way is to find like an initial high point. But let's say you have a really good onboarding do it right after the onboarding.
If if it's a fitness opera, for example, like say day 21 or day 28 post sale, what I usually do is I'll then like top to bottom and then like just call people. I don't um I like to have a check-in. So when I was doing more like full-time sales, like BTOC, I would have a check-in with them and I would book it in on Fridays because Fridays in the afternoon, it was a low show up rate.
So, what I would do is I would just basically go, "Hey, um, you know, when's a good time to speak to you on Friday afternoon?" And then I would just go, "Okay, cool. Note some times down, go." I'll call you around then. And then from there, I would just speak to everyone that I've sold three weeks ago, right, on that day and ask them all for referrals.
It was also my upsell opportunity. Okay. Um, and so I was just in constant contact with them. You can do it at day 21, 28. You can do it the day after, the day of. Um, you can also prime them and say that like, hey, you know, you're cool and I want more people in the program like you. So, if you are happy, I love to get referrals.
I don't need I'm not gonna ask you for one now because you haven't experienced anything, but uh, would you be okay with me kind of reaching out to you periodically, seeing how you're going and then potentially trying to get a referral out because daddy loves referrals, right? And then it's like, yep, sweet.
And then like you end up in a back and forth where six months later you're just texting them going, "Come on, man. I know you got some people. I know you got some people. Come on, give them to me." Right? And like that's how you create that cipher of of people who are constantly sending you referrals, but then also like you've got your follow-ups in place and you're just like you have a ton of irons in the fire.
And so what I want you guys to do is like figure out I guess you know if if if you guys had to right and this is what's called like the apocalypse plan. If you were to get no inbound leads for the next 30 days, how would you hit your sales goal? If you were to get no leads, like how would you do it? And write that out, right? Because like what that's going to you're going to have to go, okay, [ __ ] like you're going to have to reach into CRM.
You have to do all these things, right? Then those become your strategies. Then what you do is you try one strategy at a time because you you are getting inbound and you kind of try and systemize one strategy, right? I don't think you need incentives for referrals. People will just do it, right? Um I mean you can but I don't think you need to.
Uh but really hit those strategies, right, one at a time and systemize them and try and make them better and go, "Okay, cool. I know that if I do x amount of this, I'll get this outcome. X amount of this, I'll get this outcome." Now you might have five strategies that you know that you can with certain amounts of activity then you'll get certain outcomes.
Then it's like okay cool. You decide what the most effective ones are and then you just make those part of your dayto-day. Now you've always got these streams coming through. Then if lead volume drops now you can activate the other ones. Make sense to everybody? >> Yep. Apocalypse plan. >> All right, guys.
Good [ __ ] Try not to have that ready by next time. I'll catch you soon. Bye.
