We generated 50,000 leads, spent a
million on advertising. And then we
ended up with a lead to sale of.5%. 10%
increase in sure rate. Maybe that's a
10% decrease in ad spend. And that's
$4,500 a day. You multiply that by 30
days. That's massive. $100,000 a month
plus. Why are we generating all these
leads? Surely we don't need 50,000 to
generate 1,400 sales calls. You
shouldn't be maxing out your lead gen.
Take that money and put it into giving
value to people and that will make your
business last a lot longer. One of the
best performing campaigns we have from a
CPA perspective is literally just
retargeting YouTube. We have very dialed
in ad tracking and platform tracking.
Like our top rep was 15x. So I put
$100,000 into you. You give me [ __ ]
1.5 back. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome
to an episode of Coffeeoffees for
closers. Today got a special guest,
Spencer Van. So uh Spencer is a
worldrenowned marketer extraordinaire,
CMO for Cole Gordon's closers.io, IO
which is known for their uh known for
their being adequate at marketing I
would say. Right. Right. Okay. And
actually I want to add in too I've come
to the dark side. I'm a marketer but I'm
on the coffee forclosure podcast. So I'm
officially
on the dark side. Exactly. We we can't
make fun of the blue-haired marketing
autists right on this one. Um and then
you've got a really cool software called
Saleskick.
um which I got introduced to like very
recently and uh it's pretty cool man. So
I wanted you to come on talk about it
but sort of talk about you know
obviously you're a marketer and you've
been working in this high ticket space
for a long time and now you've developed
a sales tool um which is designed to
sort of probably if I can think probably
eliminate the frustration of in inept
sales ops ruining your marketing. I
would assume that's where it came from
pretty much. Yeah. So, so to give the
the very short story, uh before I worked
with Cole, I had a bisoph scaled that to
about 850 900 grand a month. We had team
nice sales reps, eight closers, eight
setters. And the bane of my existence
was uh show rates. It was like I I
looked at my uh my marketing stats and
you know, it's like it's always the
thing where like one closer has a good
show rate, everybody else sucks and
try to figure out what they're doing.
It's just like the bane of my existence
for like the better part of, you know,
nine months to 12 months. Um, and so I
spent a bunch of time, you know,
consulting the experts, read a bunch of
scientific studies. I just did a bunch
of tremendous amount of research on show
rates and, um, basically figured out a
handful of different things that that
you can do to improve them. Um, and at
the time that meant hiring a bunch of
people and doing a bunch of manual
processes. And then, you know, if
everyone remembers edit 2022, Chad GBT
came out and I said, man, I don't need
all these people anymore. I can just
[ __ ] these people. [ __ ] these people,
dude. So, so uh anyway, so that that was
kind of the start of sales kick and um
you know, here we are now about 18
months into into development and the
rest the rest is history. That's cool,
man. It's like it's very similar, you
know, with with Dialer. The reason why I
started it was because I was just
absolutely [ __ ] so frustrated with
the fact that we were getting, you know,
it's funny. I did a post yesterday and I
remember there was one month and I have
all the data. That's why I know it's
true. We we generated 50,000 leads,
spent a million dollars on advertising.
20,000 of those leads were buyer leads.
And from that, we had an 8% contact
rate. And then we ended up, which was
like, you know, we like we ended up with
a lead to sale
of.5%. Right? So like 250 260 sales,
coaching sales, still like good money,
good like, you know, rorowaz of like
three type thing, right? But it was
0.5%. And I just remember going like,
why are we generating all these leads?
Surely we don't need
50,000 to generate 1,400 sales calls cuz
we had 1,400 sales calls 6 months ago
and we had 20,000 leads. They were like,
nah branding. And then I was like, I
mean, okay, like I don't agree, but you
guys do your thing. I'm the CEO. I'm not
here to [ __ ] with everything. Do you
know what I mean? Um, and so it it was
like I was like, h seems stupid, but
whatever. And it was just because we had
like 1% pickup rates and then you've got
show rate issues and you've got people
not booking themselves to the funnel and
it's like you're just we had 55 people
out there outbounding like crazy. And
the funny thing was I had looked at the
data of one of the teams yesterday. They
had more conversations in 14 days than
what we would have in a month. And they
have 12 people and 1,600 leads and we
had 55 people and they have an 80%
contact rate. So they speak to 80 81.2%
of their leads this month they've spoken
to. Wow. Right. And like it just means
you don't have to spend much money. Same
with show rates, right? Same with like
the little things in that sales ops is
like you're everyone's so happy to throw
$150,000 $1 million at Mark Zuckerberg.
Yeah. But they don't want to spend two
grand on a software that increases their
show rate. Even if it increased it by
4%. they would get such a monumental ROI
from that, but people are stupid. Um,
and
uh, you know, like it's really
interesting to watch like people's like
uh, it's quite interesting watching like
what what price tolerances are and and
sort of like what perceived value is.
But like if you know if I could put 10%
onto your show rate, the the ROI like
even if you if you pay me 10 grand a
month and I increase your show rate by
10% and that's all I did, like you
should keep paying me that money. Yeah,
100%.
It's so funny because
um you know a lot of times well this
okay let me just say this first one
thing that hopefully this is valuable
for everyone listening that um I was in
an Alex Becker SAS mastermind a long
time ago and this is part of what
inspired the idea for sales kick was in
every type of business model and it
sounds like you kind of had the same
general thinking too is every single
business model there's all these little
holes where people are just throwing
like they're just burning money you know
for Becker it was ad traffic for me it's
sure rate for you it's obviously you
know pickup rate and contact rate and if
you can build something where you know
again even if it's a 10% improvement
that is going to be monumentally
valuable for a company that's doing a
couple hundred grand a month 300 grand a
month 400 grand a month 500 grand a
month and those are the companies that
don't churn those are the companies that
stick around forever they're great
clients they give you a bunch of
referrals and um yeah obviously you know
I don't think either of our software are
10 grand a month I guess depends on how
how big the company is but even was you
know uh it's like man like that the ROI
on a 10% increase in sure rate is just
insane like it's you know it does show
like there there's ROI outside of ROI
mean that like you just don't burn
through your audiences as fast because
you don't need as many leads like you
shouldn't be maxing out your lead genen
if you are you're just going to have to
like try and reinvent [ __ ] all the time
and then you know take that money that
you could be spending on lead genen now
that you have a higher show rate and put
it into like, you know, giving value to
people and that will make your business
last a lot longer. Yeah. Well, well,
that and it's like I can tell you from,
you know, everything I'm doing with
Cole, uh, at one point we're spending
like $45,000 a day on ads and pretty
hard to maintain good ad metrics and
you're spending $45,000 a day on ads. It
really is. Yeah. You got to find ways to
you gota Where do you put it? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. you have to make a
tremendous amount of creatives all the
time. Like my my full-time job was just
like I have to make, you know, 200 ads
this week. Like, how are we how are we
going to do that? And I have a team of
people to help me. But, you know, you
start to think through like how much of
a how big of a task that really is. And
it's like, man, like dude, at that
scale, yeah, a 10% increase in rate,
maybe that that's a 10% decrease in ad
spend. And that's $4,000 $4,500 a day. I
mean, you multiply that by 30 days,
that's massive. It's $100 $100,000 a
month plus, you know. Yeah. Um added
directly to the bottom line. And so it
it Yeah. There's there's so much
opportunity I think right now. And
especially too one of my theories on the
current market, I'm actually curious to
hear your thoughts. I think we've
shifted, if you're familiar with like
the stock trading, fear greed index. I
think we've shifted from a greed-based
market to a fear-based market. Not just
in the stock world, but uh in just the
economy as a whole. You I think there's
a lot of uncertainty. And what's been
really interesting is over the last few
years there's been a lot of uh you know
info folks, coaches, consultants,
agencies etc that have kind of popped up
and their uh you know their their their
skill set of marketing of getting
customers is all around directbased
advertising. It's all like, hey, here's
our g here's what we can do and we
guarantee it with some ridiculous
guarantee and there's no testimonials or
very few, you know, hopefully there's
some, right? But most time, how dare
you, sir? How dare you?
And then like we're just going to sell
it to you for 12 grand.
What what my theory is here is that
that's not that that's going to ever go
away because if you have a lot of proof
and all that, it's not going to go away,
but it is going to get harder because
people are just they more there's more
uncertainty and um which makes, you
know, to to circle back to what what
we're talking about earlier, that makes
what we do even more important because
man, if it gets harder, if you have to
be better at, you know, indirect
marketing, really building, you know,
momentum through through your ads and
all that, people don't have that skill
set. they're going to need more uh
optimization on the later purchase of
the funnel, whether it be a dialer or
sales kick or whatever. Yeah, I totally
agree. I think, you know, I I I get an
opportunity because I still do some
consulting and stuff like that here and
there. I I I'm I'm I'm getting rid of it
like because I just I'm honestly sick of
telling people what to do and having
them not do it. Like I'm just like,
mate, do go do this. You need to invest
in like this software. You need to
optimize here. You need to do some
content. You need to get some top funnel
going. like you're doing one avenue of
marketing like that's a tremendous risk.
What if this happens? Like go diversify
here. Be willing to like not have a huge
ROI for three or four months on it. Like
think longer term. Go like yeah but like
how do I It's like [ __ ] shut up. I
don't care. Like do what you want mate.
I don't care if you do it. Just [ __ ]
pay your bill and shut up. Like it's
it's so it's frustrating to watch like
when people are so like how do I get the
instant ROI because I feel like that's a
that is what I see is like what's caused
a lot of this and why a lot of
businesses are struggling is because
they refuse to do anything that is not
instantaneous gratification
and that is a really dangerous cycle to
be in as a business owner or as
something like that because you are
constantly trying
to like just get the most out of
everything. And if if you try and get
100% out of everything, you you just
you're going to redline not only your
team, but also your audience really
fast. Um, and that's why the people with
personal brands like destroy. Yeah.
Like, you know, whether it's personal
brand or whether it's a brand brand, you
know what I mean? if that if there's
trust and there's like value out there
in the marketplace like have you have
you seen much of a difference since like
Cole started going a bit more harder on
sort of you know YouTube and like value
and stuff like that. Have you seen guys
seen like an increase or like what have
you noticed? No, we've definitely seen
an increase and uh you know this is kind
of a more higher level tip but what we
have really really obviously you know
we've scaled up pretty far we have very
dialed in ad tracking and platform
tracking. What's been really interesting
to see is um even though we obviously
have links to book calls and all that on
the YouTube videos um it it there's been
you you can it's hard to correlate this
exactly obviously but there's been uh a
noticeable 10 15% performance bump of
even our Facebook and Instagram ads uh
even as Cole posts on on YouTube. And
it's like it makes sense. It's like you
think about the buying behavior of
someone it's like they they watch a
couple YouTube like oh this guy's pretty
cool. Maybe they put a call right there,
maybe they don't. Then they go and they
like check out Instagram, they check out
Facebook, whatever it is. And then two
days later, they get hit with an ad and
then they're like, "Oh, you know, I
should, you know, then the ad's designed
to obviously get to the click." So
they're much more likely to do it at
that point. And so we've seen we've seen
an increase there uh in terms of
performance. And then obviously, I mean,
dude, like I mean, it's just it's like
the basic stuff. That's the nice thing
about the personal branding stuff is
like uh with with true like cold direct
response, dude, you got to reinvent the
wheel every six to nine months. Like you
have to start you have a different
message. You got to really do some [ __ ]
You got to reinvent the wheel. With
personal branding, it's like, dude, like
uh with with Cole stuff, one of the best
performing campaigns we have from a CPA
perspective is literally just
retargeting YouTube. Like meaning
YouTube subscribers and people watch. I
mean, it's like super simple. It's like
anyone and their mom could do that and
it just cleans up, you know? Like it's
Well, it's it's funny, right? I remember
I was running helping run this offer for
like a year and a half, right? And it
was kind of like the business owner
didn't really want to do anything. Nice
guy. Um didn't want to do anything. So,
I was like, "Yeah, cool, man. Like, just
don't ask us to grow then. Like, sit
back, play golf all day, happy with
that, but don't ask us to grow, you
know?" And he was like, "Okay, cool."
So, we're at like 450 a month every
month. 60,000 ad spend. pretty [ __ ]
solid, Ben, right? Like we were doing
the thing. Close rate was like 45%. It
was a good offer. Um and and then and
then it was like I remember hopping on a
call once like, "Oh, all the best leads
are coming from the website, so we're
going to redirect ads to the like to the
website." I was like, "No, we're not." I
was like, "We're definitely not doing
that." Like, "Oh, no." But the data says
like, "Oh, no, no, no. They end up at
the website, mate." like they're not
like they're they're not just like
searching you on the Google machine and
then like coming to a website and
deciding to buy. They're ending up
there. So, we're not doing any of that.
Somebody actually bought that company um
and then decided that they knew better
than me in terms of how to market it.
So, I quit and they went to 60K a month
within three months. It was impressive.
It unfortunately sounds about right. It
was impressive. I was like, well done.
It's like that's actually I remember
having a conversation with a guy and
he's like, "Oh, we're going to change it
into like a front-end like ecom style
like low ticket offer and then we're
going to I was like, "Oh, that won't
work, mate." Like that's that's not
happen. Where do you think Where do you
think that comes from? Because it's like
almost like the ability to think through
the customer journey is just like some
people have it, some people don't. Like
is that I mean it's a skill I'm sure you
can learn, but does that just come from
experience or does that come from just
like people being silly? like where do
you think that I think it comes from
seeing a lot of different things like
you know you especially like because
you're running a big organization but
also like Cole's quite involved in lots
of organizations and your clients and
your so you have to sit there and I'm
sure you probably helped problem solving
some of the clients stuff like that you
sort of see a lot of like longer term
attribution cycles and it's like oh and
when you're spending your own money it
it tends to you know es especially
because you ran your own bizarre when
you spend your own money you you gain
some insight that I think you you can't
get um when you're spending somebody
else's money. And so, you know, I think
you look at longer term attribution,
then you just use common sense and go,
well, like if if all these things and
all these buying behaviors are
happening, like the average person
doesn't just like I know like I'm a high
quality buyer. So, it's like, oh, I will
definitely go to the website. Like, I
will definitely check that out and
that's probably where I'll do the
opt-in, but I'll see the ads first, but
the chances of me opting in from an ad
is low. like I might opt in, but I
probably won't book a call. I'll see
what the emails are like, have a look at
it, go check out the website, and then
like book a call from there. And so that
it just sort of makes sense as a buying
journey. And if you have like a lot of
the tracking put in as well, you can
just sort of see it, but you have to
look at things over a long enough time
horizon, right? Whereas a lot of people
are looking at like, you know, the cost
of the lead in Facebook and then they're
looking at like, oh, I'm getting free
leads on the website. Let's [ __ ] it.
It's like, man, you know, that's true.
Yeah. But it's it's it's it's sort of
it's it's it's very interesting and I
think marketing is more interesting than
sales in a lot of ways. I think like
marketing I always say marketing is more
important than sales. Um be be careful
man. We're on the coffees for closers
podcast. I know. I know. Well, you know
sales people are sort of generally
morons and uh you know who don't work
very hard. Like I I I believe that to
the core of me. It's why like it's not
that difficult to be a top 1% rep. You
just sort of have to work 8 hours a day
and you'll probably be the best person
on the team because sales people just
generally don't work very hard and the
ones that do are really obvious, you
know, and you don't even have to be
good. Like you don't have to do sales
training and do all that kind of stuff
to be a successful rep. You just have to
like try and you'll probably be okay.
Like ask for referral, do a follow-up,
like you'll be fine. Um but and like but
like marketing, if if you don't have
marketing, I don't care how good your
sales team is, you know? And the goal is
to have marketing so good your sales
team can suck and still be successful.
Like that's kind of the goal. Um, and I
think that marketing sales processes
should bend to the marketing and that's
really important. Uh, because if you do
it the other way around, you end up with
a massively increasing CPA. And it's I
see it a lot, you probably seen it a lot
too, especially with sales kit going
into places where they've created
processes that are designed to like
molly coddle the sales team and they're
taking feedback from setters. The amount
of teams that take feedback from setters
is [ __ ] wild. I'm like, this person's
[ __ ] Like, why are you listening?
Like, they're 22 years old and they've
been they've been doing this for a week
and you're letting them dictate like
front-end things. Like, this is crazy.
Um, like look at long-term, look at
data, make decisions, make small
changes. Um, but like if if you if you
don't use a marketing first approach,
you're you're going to end up with a
sales team that is lazy, stupid, with a
very high close rate and an extremely
high CPA. Like that's just what will
happen. You have to seen like I'll just
rip a couple horror stories. There was
one client that um their SH rate was
like abysmal. Like it was like 10%. And
I'm just like what? Like this doesn't
even make sense. additive measurements
just constantly or some [ __ ] or was it
like well yeah so so like and you know
I'm doing things it's helping a little
bit but it's like normally when we plug
in our stuff we especially if it's a
shade that's that bad we see like
unnoticeable spike you know it's like
effects overnight you know what I mean
and that was it was getting better but
it wasn't like the spike and so I was
like man this is so weird and so I took
like um this is when we were kind of
early in beta so I just like took you
know like an hour and I was like hey
like can I just jump on with like the
sales manager just like run through like
just see their process on it. Well, what
the sales manager had made the policy
was that anyone who shows up to a call
but leaves in the first five minutes is
considered a no-show. And so what all
the rep we were running through sales
calls, all of the reps, they would get
on a call. They'd be like, and this is
for like a um it was a high ticket, but
it was like an in-person location they
had to go to. It was like in the in the
medical field. And so what all these
people would do is the prospect would
show up, the sales would be like, "Hey,
uh it's $15,000." and the nearest
location to you is a six-hour flight. Do
you want to do this? And they would be
like, "No." Like, "Okay." And they hang
out the phone. Oh, that's a no
ship. It's just like, "Dude, what are we
doing? What is this?" You know? Um, so
that that was probably the most extreme
example of what you just said. That's
crazy, dude. That was crazy. Another one
that um and this is a good this is a
good advertisement for dialer.io Ohio uh
is uh there was this uh setter manager
um that and this was for a company that
they were not a sales kit client but
they were more kind of involved with
with Cole's uh you know consulting and
core stuff. So I was helping them out
and I I had the setter manager and the
closer the the sales manager come onto a
call. I was just asking them questions.
I'm like oh like you know what's the
what's the speed to lead? The setter
manager goes oh I don't know but I think
it's like you know an hour. I was like,
"Dude, how do you not know you're the
setter manager? Like this
is your job to know this, right?" And
obviously I'm trying to be polite. This
is like a client, you know? So I'm just
like, "Hey, like it's really important.
I'm being, you know, firm, but I'm not
like going too hard, right?" And I'm
like, "Hey, like when we" because we're
going to meet a couple times. So I was
like, "When we meet next, make sure you
bring those numbers, right?" So couple
weeks go by, we meet again. I go, "Hey,
you know, uh, what's what's the speed to
lead?" He goes, "Oh, well, I couldn't
figure out how to get it. I still I have
no idea, but I think it's an hour. And I
go and so this time now I'm getting a
little angry. I'm like, "Dude, I came on
this call to help you. I can't [ __ ]
help you if you don't have the numbers
that I need to give you advice, you
know?" And so I go, "Look, dude, like I
really need you to like bring this next
up. Like I'm I'm not going to like be
nice again." So couple weeks go by, we
get on and in that time uh the the guy
that was running their marketing there,
he was an old friend of mine. So I just
kind of shot him a message. was like,
"Hey, can you make sure that even if the
setter manager doesn't bring this that
will have the speed delete data?" So, he
went and like spent hours trying to
calculate it and like, you know, all
this crazy stuff you have to do to
figure it out, make it accurate. And he
gives it to me an hour before the call
and I look at it and before I reveal
what it was, we get on the call and I
go, "All right, Ser Manager, do you have
the speed to lead?" And he goes, "No."
And I just roasted the absolute hell. I
was like, "Dude, this is the third
meeting. I don't know. Like, what are
you doing, dude?" Yeah. What do you do
for work? Yeah, like what do you do? And
he's like, I think I think he's like I
think it's like one to two hours. And I
go no. I go I had the marketing person
do this for you and here are the
numbers. And the average was like 36
hours.
It was just like abysmal. And I was
like, dude. Yeah. And and and then of
course immediately there was no
ownership. It was just like, oh, you
know, it's well you're factoring in
nights and stuff. And I was like, dude,
first of all, bro, I don't talk to the
market. Let's it then, shall we? Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. Let's let's let's cut it
in half and it's still terrible.
Let's cut that in half. It's still not
good. Like Jesus. Yeah. So, those are
two good stories on the top of my head
of uh just just people doing really
silly stuff in this industry. We we we
had a client um leave Dialer like nice
guys, but they were saying stuff and
what the feedback like if someone gives
me feedback like it's always like it's
always fine. I don't really I don't
really mind especially if it's like oh
you know because we're like early stage
like oh the integration isn't simple
enough yeah fair enough like yada yada
someone goes we just got better results
and
I that I don't believe right and so I
was like so I looked into it and I did a
full report and I was like well your
guys spend 1.6 hours per day
um dialing and they're a full-time team
but you average 1.2 into sets per hour
per
rep. And I was like, and you average
like a it was like a 19.4% pickup rate.
I was like, and what it was is like I
have a theory that a lot of setters at
the moment are doing multiple jobs, but
getting paid full-time and getting paid
a base because I have not seen any
setters work an 8 hour day yet. I
haven't seen anyone work a six-hour day
for more than like one or two days in a
week, right? So, because we track all
the time that they spent and I can see
and the biggest complaints that we get
are around setters and they say things
aren't working properly, but then we do
a full report and things are working
exactly as they're supposed to be,
right? And so it's like so like and what
they do and then I'll get on a call with
them and I'll show them everything like
this is all working perfectly. You guys
are just they oh yeah but uh yeah, it's
like well I can see every button you
clicked and here's the report and it's
like you're just only spending an hour
and a half a day online when your job is
to spend eight. So what what are you
doing? And then they have a whole lot of
reasons why that's reasonable. And I
just say, well, like, you know, if you
just worked a full day, you know, so
they don't like the fact that their
bosses can see that they're only working
like two hours a day. And then I think
the managers get a little bit squirly
because like they can everyone can see
that their team is only working two
hours a day. And why didn't they know
that? Because you can like like setters
skip leads a lot. Like I didn't know
that was a thing, but we have like a
skipped lead. So it's really like
decline and they just click through a
lead that they don't want to talk to,
right? I've caught teams skipping up to
25% of all leads,
right? Like that's, you know, and it's
like, so I'll send the setters in Slack
like or if I know like a Loom video and
be like, "Hey guys, I know what you're
doing." And they're like, "Oh, that."
And then it's like, you know, a lot of
teams will because a lot of teams just
say dials. So they'll like do a dial
hangup, dial hangup, dial hangup, and
they'll just like like that. And then so
some teams like, and I can see that some
teams, they'll have like a talk time
KPI. They'll leave 3 to five minute
blank voicemails. I did a YouTube video
the other week and I was like, I'm going
to do an audit. Watch this. And it was I
didn't literally didn't plan it. And you
could hear the [ __ ] movie playing in
Netflix with the guy's headphones,
right? And he's leaving three minute
blank voicemails back to back, right?
Like that. And it's just you can hear
the movie playing. not saying a word,
just letting it run for 3 minutes.
That's 3 minutes of talk time, mate.
Like, like thinking that that's talk
time in our system. It's not. Our system
tracks that differently for that reason.
And there are all these things that
they're doing and I'm just like, man, no
wonder the only push back we get from is
like when the teams are managed by the
setters. Like they're like sort of doing
it themselves. But run me through like
so like what were the biggest things
that you found that like you you wanted
biggest obviously the biggest problem
you wanted to solve was like sales ops
and show rate and stuff like that but
with sales kick like what what what was
the sort of underlying thesis of okay I
want to create a software and did it at
any stage kind of get out of hand did
you have to sort of like rein your [ __ ]
in a bit because I know like with me
like we get feature requests all the
time and like my team wants to do them
and I have to say like guys like that
just doesn't work towards the greater
goal and do you have a greater goal. Do
you want to be like absorbed by a CRM or
do you want to make a CRM? Like what's
what's what's the plan? Yeah, dude. All
all great questions. Before I dive into
that, actually, I just want to tag on
what you said. We found the same thing,
just complete inefficiency and just like
silly stuff from closers because we can
see anytime that someone enters a Zoom
waiting room and it's like 3 to 5% of
the time that a prospect enters a Zoom
waiting room, they just never get
let there you go. There's three three to
five percent of live calls right there.
You just increased your shing, you know.
Um you're crazy, man. You look at that
over a year and you say 20% of them
[ __ ] buy like 1% of all sales calls
should have bought, you know? So like,
you know, of those ones, you know what I
mean? So [ __ ] like total calls, that's
so crazy, man. Yeah. It's ridiculous.
And same thing, it's a little bit less
of a of a percentage, but same thing
with uh appointments just randomly
getting deleted or cancelled. It's like
there's no like like you know we'll
we'll we'll look back into things or
we'll have the team look back into
things and it's like yeah this wasn't
canceled by the prospect. There's no
communication between the rep and the
prospect but for some reason it's been
moved and then it cancelled didn't
happen. That's them selling it into
their own program in the back end.
That's like that's what that is [ __ ]
half the time. Yeah, dude. I've fired so
many dudes at Seventh Level for doing
that. Yeah, it is. Sales coaches now.
Fractional sales managers, dude.
Fractional sales.
But anyway, man. So, yeah, as far as
sales kick, uh, basically, um, you know,
I I one of the things that, you know, we
had found, and this is like pretty much
one-on-one. I'm sure most of your
audience has seen this or experienced
this. Um, you know, a lot of companies
will have a process in place for grading
and scoring prospects to better manage
them on the calendar. And when I did all
that research and found was that like
basically the two main ways that
companies do this is horribly
inefficient and terrible. Uh and the two
things that you need to do this well is
accuracy and speed. Uh and so like one
of those main ways that companies will
do this is they'll have like some sort
of form logic and they'll be like, "Oh,
if you click, you know, if you click yes
to this question, then that means you're
qualified and you could go over here.
And if you click like no to this
question, that means you're not
qualified. You go over here." Yeah. And
uh it's like in hindsight when I tell
people this, no one's ever surprised
when I tell them this, but we ran an
internal study both at closer.io and
then at saleskick with all of our
clients and we found that 47% of the
time that someone fills out one of those
multiple choice questions. It is like
factually incorrect, right? I've been
playing this for years and as a closer I
never even read the application forms
because I didn't I thought that there
was because when I was in fitness,
right, I I did fitness sales for like a
long time full-time and people would
like bleed their heart out and then
never even come close to selling. And
then like I I I found that there was
almost like an inverse correlation
between like the length of their
application and their ability to buy
because like they were just so emotional
and so I just stopped looking at them. I
was just like I don't want to know
because then I'll bias myself. Yeah. And
so I would just go like I don't want to
know about it. I'll just I'll just have
the call and see what happens. Yeah.
Yeah. And it's funny because like the
the the worst of those questions are
like the leading like they're like the
leading questions that are financial
qualifiers. It's like, well, if you, you
know, if you're going to get this
outcome, would you be able to afford
this program that you don't know how
much it costs? Yeah, sure. You know,
like, I don't know how much it is. I,
you know, yeah, if I, if you tell me I'm
going to make 300 grand a year, like,
sure, I'll be able to afford it. And
it's fine, right? Yeah. Exactly. And so,
like, what what happens is is people use
this form logic and it's again, we found
internally from a bunch of different
tasks, different different niches, B2B,
B2C, etc. that roughly about 47% of
those are incorrect. And so what that
basically means is two problems. The
first is 47% of the people that are
qualified aren't actually qualified and
they're never going to buy your thing
and they're never going to show up,
right? Or if they do show up, it's just
a waste of time. And same thing with the
disqualified people. Those people, the
47% of those people are actually good
and they're just getting thrown away.
You know, you cross your fingers and
hope that, you know, they're on
dollar.io and or or they're they're
getting sent to a uh a setter. I didn't
set that up. I didn't set that up. I
promise. There we go. I know. Fireworks.
you just said the name placement right
there. So, right.
But, uh, so so that's that's very dumb
and very common. And then the other
common way is kind of a little bit of
what you were touching on, which is
like, you know, they use these fill-in
questions and they have like a human
being go in there and like score it
based on a criteria, but then like, you
know, it's like, well, human beings work
eight hours a day and, you know, these
applications come in 247 and so now I
need three of them. And then, God
forbid, someone gets sick on the weekend
and you come in Monday and your entire
calendar is just destroyed and then
you've got like it's like 7 am Monday
morning, they're just ripping half the
calls off the calendar because they're
unqualified and now you've just got
nothing on Monday, you know? Um, and
that's literally what happened to Cole
before we had plugged in sales kick. And
so what what our system does is it tries
to
um get the highest accuracy of prospect
scoring. Yeah. and do it in as close to
real time as humanly possible. Um so
that at any given time the highest
quality leads can pick the closest spots
which will increase the share rate and
that we can accurately you know remove
the disqualified people and you know
keep the qualified people on. And so how
how we actually go about doing that is
uh we we score a prospect not just on
multiple choice questions or not just on
fill-in questions but on a variety of
different uh data points and try to get
a total score for them that's much more
accurate than you know just some random
question right um and based on that
score we then integrate directly with
sales calendars and we'll double book
them we'll single book them we'll move
them to a setter we'll disqualify them
we'll change the color whatever that
company needs just happens yeah it just
it just happens automatic. Yeah, that's
beautiful. I think I was when I was
talking to you yesterday about it, what
whatever it was, I was like, "Oh,
removes the need to have like some
rockstar sales ops guy and you can just
have a [ __ ] like dum dum in there
just, you know, checking things off. You
don't have to have these because I think
like we we used to try, you know, I've
always tried to do a lot of that, but
you're always having to run around like
a crazy person." Like I remember, you
know, I like I'm pretty ruthless when it
comes to like sales team management. So,
like I have the Steph Curry gets the
ball mentality. So like for me if
there's like for example if there's a
confirmed call on pro person one and an
unconfirmed call on person two and
person two is much better they'll get
switched. Yeah. Right. And like if
there's So the goal is like you I
waterfall down. So like this guy is full
then this guy's full then this guy's
full. Not like there's no equity and
diversity [ __ ] policies. That's for
sure. Right. And and like you know the
best leads go to the best guys and there
was people like removing tolls from
people's calendars and putting them on
theirs because there was a cancellation
because it's like that person is so
proven that we just need to get them I
remember like is it with Yash for
example at 7th I needed him to speak to
six people a day. Yeah. Because like
every time he spoke to someone it was
like seven grand guaranteed. Yeah. you
know, and so it was like sweet, he if he
just speaks that. So like I don't care
about these guys like just throw there
and then pull out. So we had like we
were doing that [ __ ] like people were
doing that [ __ ] full time, you know, and
uh it works like you know um I was
speaking to the guys at uh you know New
Reach like those and um yeah like I I
increased their AOV by 400 bucks per
sale on Pac's offer like in 10 minutes.
I just said, "Oh, don't do the six pay
anymore." And they were like, "What?" I
was like, "Oh, I had to look at we had
to look at all the data." And I was
like, "Oh, just get rid of the six pay."
And boom, got rid of the six. A went up
instantly. Close rate didn't go down at
all. And then I was like, the next week
I came back to him cuz like I'm just
doing some stuff. I'm just helping them
out a bit cuz like they're kind of
onboarding onto dialer and stuff. And I
was like, "Yeah, cool, man. Uh, now what
I want you to do is just lead
route." They're like, "What?" And I was
like, "Yeah, yeah. So, who's your top
three goods?" Well, these people. I was
like, "Sweet. No one gets a sales call
until they're full." All right. Let me
know how that goes. See you next week. I
was like close rate went [ __ ] up by
10%.
Like they end up with more money, you
know, without having to do a whole lot
more. And it's it's just simple, you
know, just simple changes like that. And
if you can have like the the issue is
then you've got to get people to
implement it, right? You know, and if
you have a software that you can set the
rules and then it just happens, which is
why I made dial the way that we did it,
like where the speed to lead is all
automated and it's not like a power
dialer. It's an automated manual dial.
The list the leads are presented one at
a time, which means that we can
manipulate the leads multiple times per
second because it's not a list, it's a
pool and there's a like they're being
pulled out, right? Right. one at a time
um like on demand as soon as someone's
available soon as that call hangs up
next lead presented but it's it's being
assessed at that second according to all
the criteria what's the best possible
lead to present right right and so like
that it's the same sort of thing where
it's like pulling out double booking
those ones pull that person from there
put them to a setter DQ them it's like
we'll take all the pool of leads that
are available and we'll manipulate it
with software because if you do it with
software you set rules and it works yeah
exactly And and there's I mean it's so
funny because uh this was something you
mentioned earlier there were some
surprising things that setters were
doing. Well, we found some surprising
things that people that were sales ops,
sales coordinators were doing that no
one really knew. um like little like
little things like one of the most
surprising one was we have a little
feature in um you know when we grade
prospects and all that we send it into
people's slacks and their CRM whatever
and there's a little link there that if
someone sees it and for some reason they
just like man this was graded
incorrectly they can go in and regrade
it and it'll update everything right and
it pings us and gives us a list of like
hey you know this was uh regraded and
then they have to give a reason right
and so what was interesting when we were
early on data. Um, we had a, you know, a
couple sales operations people that were
regrading some things. And so we have
this whole list. And so I get on with a
client and I go, I go, I'm not going to
tell you the score we gave. I'm not
going to tell you the score that your
sales operations person gave. I want you
as the business owner to tell me what
the score of, you know, these 10
applications are. And nine of 10 of them
were the sales kit score or very, very
close to it. And one of them was the
sales op score. And what was interesting
is uh when we when we like when I when
we dug in with the sales operations
person, you know, normally they they
they had good performance, but literally
their reason for that was like basically
that they were having a bad day. Like
that was basically the synopsis was
like, you know, I was a long like I I
didn't sleep very well. I was having
like a you know, rough argument. I was
kind of my mind wasn't really there. And
so like I just kind of thought that this
should have been, you know, should have
been a three when it was actually a two,
you know. And so it's like those little
things that like Yeah. someone's mood is
bad and now like there there there goes
nine calls that should have been on a
closer calendar and you know it's just
like it's it's little like oh man it's
not their money. Yes. Yeah. You're 100%
right. It's like man it's not it's not
their money. What do they give a [ __ ]
Like what did that call cost? 400 bucks.
Yeah. Exactly. Who cares? It ain't it
ain't not my money. It's not my money. I
used to We used to grade reps by ROI.
So it was how much ad spend is put into
you and then what do we get out because
man I tried every [ __ ] KPI metric and
it was like every KPI has a problem
because it causes a different KPI to be
affected because if you incentivize on
close rate they'll cancel every [ __ ]
call right you know what I mean and if
you incentivize on like you know show to
close they'll like reduce their
availability if you you know and so
because they're trying to like they're
trying to win, right? So, they got
they're trying to game the system. So,
ROI was like, "Oh, yeah. Sweet." So,
that meant like if you if you needed to
increase your ROI, you know how you do
that? Referrals. Yeah. You gain the
system through getting referrals. Yeah.
And so, it's like sweet. So, I reck
that'd be a cool one if you can add in
like the cost per call and then you have
like this is how much money has been
spent on that rep and then this is how
much has been taken out of them. And
then like our top rep was 15x.
Wow. That's insane. That's very good.
Yeah. So, I put man I put $100,000 into
you. You give me [ __ ] 1.5 back, you
know, like it was like, you know, more
like we're going to put 30,000 into and
you give me whatever it was back. But,
you know, and it was like it was
because, you know, they did referrals,
they did pipeline, they did follow up
and it meant that you can the people
it's a really it's a real equalizer
because the people who are like, "Well,
just give me phone numbers and I'll do
it myself." Yeah. you know, and well,
give me book calls and I'll, you know,
I'll close everybody and and so it it's
real interesting metric. Yeah. And and
you know what's what's really cool about
your your stuff and and sales kick in
some in some respect is we're we're Yes.
we're automating this process like in
your case, you're just making a system
that just fundamentally functions at a
higher level based on the technology
that it's built built on. um sales kick
it's you know automating a human process
but what we're also doing is we're
empowering the people who do are higher
level in the organization hopefully
those people care right the executives
the CRO CEO whatever and we're giving
them the data they need to actually make
decisions because it's like you know
going back to the speed to lead thing
like yeah you could look at sets but to
your point I mean dude we've all we've
all had conversations with setter
managers or setters and it's like every
excuse in the book why sets are not good
you know like why why there's not enough
sense, you know. Um whereas like if I
just know like if I could just log into
Dialer.io and I just know like hey speed
to lead is you know whatever seven hours
during work hours I'm like dude. Yeah.
These guys suck. Like I don't need to
see anything else. These guys suck, you
know. Yeah. We we have we have a little
we have a card for every lead so you can
see the speed to lead for every lead.
Yeah. There you go. Individually. Um but
like uh yeah, it's it's real
interesting, you know. Um, I think like
the remote space is unique and or is
because people just I think you'd
probably the annoyingly you'd probably
double every company if you got an
office. Um, just out of pure like you
know work. Like it's funny Andy
Elliott's team is on there and they're
obviously all in office. My god, man.
They work. Yeah. Like they work, bro.
They work. Sometimes they're running
around like chickens with a head cut off
on fire. You know what I mean? Just But
they're doing stuff. Yeah. you know,
like to a way higher level than like
they got 76 sets in a day with a team of
six. Wow. And I was like, oh, I messaged
Danny, their manager, who I think I'll
put you in touch with and I was like,
bro, those dudes are getting after it
right now. He's like, hell yeah. I
messaged Andy and I was like, brother,
that your team is [ __ ] dialing, you
know? Um, so like, you know, good for
them, but they're all kind of in a room,
you know, doing their [ __ ] push-ups
and having six-packs and stuff, just
having fun, you know, be like being
boys. But, uh, you know, they're all in
a room, but they're all working, man.
Like, so, you know, say I did a post the
other day and I was like, "Hey, say what
you want, but that dude's team works,
man." Yeah. You know, they work harder
than your team. And I always tell like,
you know, the average person, they work
harder than your teammate. So, like, get
on board. Start start poking. Yeah. No,
you're right. There is something to that
in-person energy and just uh it's so
funny how how much can be improved just
by getting your team to work harder like
yeah and if you can have ways of keeping
them accountable like uh Nick Fischer
from New Reach told me about this thing
called time camp where it reads all the
um all the keywords on your screen at
all times and then puts together like
like what you're doing and then you
attach like rates to them but it's like
a less invasive software but it's really
good for like project tracking for like
different agencies and stuff like that
and like you know do building out like
for sales like for my like I'm putting
it into my dev's team right um but yeah
man so okay so who is sales kick for and
where can they find it yeah it's for any
info high ticket business whether you're
doing a call funnel application funnel
uh challenge funnel to a high ticket you
know upsell webinar funnel high you know
high ticket upsell whatever it is if
you're booking high ticket online sales
calls and you would like to have a
better show rate you'd like to have more
throughput and um you know even in many
cases reduce your your cost per per
booked call because one of the things
that we're able to do uh is enrich you
know inbound uh applications with
financial data. That's one of the data
points that we look at to score the
prospect. And by doing that we can
eliminate some of those financial
questions on the application that are
incorrect anyways which are typically
the highest drop off questions. So on
average people drop their cost per book
call by like five to 15% just from
talking like that's like immediate
benefit and then obviously there's the
SH rate and all the other stuff that's
like the primary purpose of of what we
do. Um but yeah anyone B you know any
coach agency any any style business like
that um you know it's uh saleskick.com
it's like sidekick but for sales and um
man we're happy to see if see see if
you're a good fit and help you improve
your show rate and make more money. I
like it man. All right, we'll put the
links to that down below. But, uh, yeah,
dude, thanks very much for coming on
and, uh, go forth and check out
SalesKit, guys. It's legit. There we go.
Appreciate it. Thank you.
