Hey guys. So, in this episode, I speak
to Drewie Wilson. We're going to teach
you all about follow-up, how to leverage
social media when you're a sales rep or
a business owner in order to get more
leads, get higher quality stuff, DM
selling, DM setting, and just all things
being an all round sales rep, and how to
overall increase your income. And we're
going to have a couple of rants, too,
along the way. So, make sure you stay
all the way through to the end, like,
subscribe, notification, all that kind
of good stuff, and enjoy the episode.
>> Matt from Coffees for Closers here, and
we have very special guest, Juby Wilson
from Call the Damn Leads, man heart. So,
how are you, buddy?
>> I am crushing the day, brother. How
about you? I'm excited to be here. It's
been uh a long time since our last
conversation.
>> Yeah. Well, at least a recorded one,
right?
>> Yeah, dude. Um, so we we reconnected
because you I think you reached out
about Dialer and I think we did a
podcast. Well, I'll put a link in the
description. It'll be years ago now. um
back when you were running a gun in the
head of sales over there at Apex and um
you had the sales meme sales meme
course, right? You know, it's funny,
totally random. I spoke to a dude that
runs a big Instagram account for sales
memes. Like it's like a big one, like
105,000
people and stuff like that. His name's
Nate and he did your closer memes
course.
>> I love that [ __ ] That's some of like
those are the things that I had a
conversation with someone recently that
was like uh they have a a big coaching
program and he's like bro you don't know
this but I bought your closer memes
course like three years ago and it was
the start of like me understanding this
whole coaching platform and how this all
works and I was like that's [ __ ]
incredible. I love that.
>> Yeah dude it was uh one of the best
courses ever. It was like how to use
memes in sales. It was a lot of fun and
the and it was worth it just for the
group.
>> The group is uh
Yeah,
>> thousands and thousands of sales memes.
So, like, you know, if you love memes
and you love making sales, it was kind
of a win-win for everybody.
>> Yeah, it was a match made in heaven. and
memes and gifts and everything were have
and always will be an absolute staple in
my in my sales toolbox because I think
like you know if it's such a good
pattern interrupt way to communicate
people you know especially if you're
kind of like a fun you know happy
golucky type person and and you use that
kind of stuff in your regular
communication like it it is a it is the
one of the best follow-up methods but
you've also got call the damn leads
which I think is one of the best company
names ever.
>> Thank you.
>> Um, and uh, uh, I've got your book. I've
got some merch as well. You got a
podcast, right? And all that kind of
good stuff. So, give me give me the
runover of uh, who is Drewie Wilson.
>> Uh, so, thank you. I am Drewie the meme
lord. I literally tattooed it across my
knuckles. Wilson. Um, I'm a an old
school degenerate that grew up in sales.
Has always been in sales. as I got
older, realized, you know, I don't want
to end up dead or in prison from those
kind of sales. So, I got into the more
legitimate side. These days, man, I I
was just going through this the other
day, like I am a high ticket closer
that's done over 15 million in sales
online. Average transaction size five
grand. I've created multiple digital
products, written five books, I have
hosted thousands of podcast episodes.
I've done a lot of [ __ ] in the last five
or six years. And it's just really
starting to hit me like how many
thousands of people I've been able to
impact with the call the damn loot call
the damn leads movement simply because
it speaks to people who are in the game,
right? And and ultimately what's
interesting is it's the answer to all
the money problems that you're facing
right now. If you do not have enough
money, it's because you're not calling
the damn leads.
>> Got to call the damn leads, man.
>> It's a it's a great message and it's
like it sounds so simple. It's like uh
you know from Zoolander it's like the
files are are in the computer. It's like
the money is calling the leads. It's so
simple but it really is especially in
the high ticket closing realm. It is
just absolutely comically lost on people
that you know I I think it's like they
shouldn't call them high ticket closers.
I should call them high ticket lay down
register chicks, you know, because they
seem to have a a like just a visceral
hatred of speaking to anyone who doesn't
have the exact amount of money to pay
for the program in their hand at the
time. You know, you're looking like
direct advertising, you're looking at
like a a tiny proportion of the people
who could buy your product, right?
Because it's people who have
selfidentified that they are ready to do
something. So they've seen the
marketing, they've gone like they're a
good lead. If they opt in, like they're
probably a decent lead. Whether they can
buy it or not is different. Money,
right? But money doesn't dictate if it's
a good lead or not. And so, you know,
tiny percentage and you going
disqualification funnels, tiny tiny
tiny. It's like, and if you buy right
now, I'm never going to do follow up a
call lead. It's like I got to protect my
time. It's like, [ __ ] you suck
at sales. Like
>> pathetic. I was just laughing uh with
another friend of mine about all these
trends of marketers that are now saying,
"Hey, make hundreds of thousands of
dollars of sales with a Google doc.
Never get on the phone again." And I'm
looking at it all and I'm just thinking,
well, yeah, because you guys are selling
these people on how to make money
without having to actually do anything.
So, of course, they're paying you, but
how many of them are failing? Because
like having genuine conversations is
ultimately how you create a relationship
and how you make sales. But the fact
that you do not want to get on a phone
call just tells me that you're lazy and
you're praying on the people who want to
get rich without having to do any work.
>> Yeah, better lighting here. Um, yeah,
absolutely, man. Like it's it's comical
to watch these days. And I think like I
get the marketing angles of it, you know
what I mean? Like I get that it's nice
to be able to think that you can, you
know, do nothing and make a ton of
money, but in reality, like, you know,
sales at its core is just reaching out
to people. And one thing that really
pisses me, I like to get your your take
on this. Something that really pisses me
off is like the whole like I only want
to talk to qualified leads or like
they're not worth my time. And I think
like what I saw, especially coaching
like a shitload, I have a business
called committed coaches, right? And
it's 700 sales reps, 11,000 leads a day,
tons of like super young dudes. And a
lot of them were like, "Oh, you know,
this this person isn't worth talking
to." And I was like, "Why not?" And it's
like, "Well, because I don't have enough
money." I was like, "Do you have enough
money?"
And they were like, "Oh." And I was
like, "What do you make, motherfucker?"
And I was like, "You don't make
anything." And I was like, do you
understand like the psychological damage
that you're doing to yourself as a young
person saying this person isn't worth
talking to because they don't make
enough money when you make less money
than them?
I was like, what are you what are you
saying about you? How does that I was
like, how how do you like how do you
feel about saying someone's not worth
talking to because of their money they
make when you make less? How does that
make you feel? Like, oh, I was like, you
know, I was like, don't be [ __ ]
stupid. Just talk to people. And also
like one of the best things you can do
is try and sell people who have no
money. It's how you get good at sales.
>> Well, and how do you know they don't
have any money?
>> Just because they're telling you they
don't have money just means that they're
trying to get you off the phone because
you suck at actually building a
relationship. Fact is, a lot of people
have a lot of money. They just don't
tell the world about it because they
know there's a bunch of predators out
there that want to take advantage of
them or they've been burned in the past
or they've talked to other shitty sales
guys that just immediately went, "Hey,
if you give us 50 grand, we'll make you
rich." And they're like, "Well, I don't
know about that. I've been burned
before." Yes. And and those guys that
are selling out of their own pocket
being like, "Oh, well, they don't have
any money." Like you said, they don't
have any money. they're making less than
six figures because they're not actually
genuinely diving deep enough and
building the rapport and asking the
right questions to really get to the
core of can I help this person? And if I
can help them, am I going to do
everything in my power to influence them
in a way that's ethical to make a
decision that they know is the thing
that they want? Because there's a lot of
unethical guys out there, right? We
don't want you to go down that path.
Like if you know you genuinely have a
product or service that can help
someone,
>> why the heck would you not do everything
that you can to try to help that person
solve their problem? Like if you had the
cure to cancer and someone you loved had
cancer, would you not try everything you
could to be like, "Hey man, like this is
the thing that can help you. Like let me
help you help yourself if you can't get
out of your own way."
>> Yeah. Exactly. Yeah, that's a really
good point. And I think also and that's
where like followup and calling the damn
leads I think is a really good thing
because not like just because someone
doesn't there's a logistical barrier I
think like uh you know everyone goes to
this whole fear-based objection [ __ ] and
all that kind of stuff and like there is
that but I think it's way less rare way
more rare than what people think and I
think most of the time it's just because
they haven't established a good enough
value proposition or they haven't got to
the core of the real problem and they're
just it's it's sales reps using it as a
coping mechanism because they're like ah
they had of fear and they had a bad
mindset when in reality you probably
just didn't present a very compelling
argument,
right? Um and it's like and then all of
a sudden you're [ __ ] battling with
this person when in reality they're just
too polite to say, "Hey, dude, you just
made this not make sense for me. Sorry."
Um and and then so by going, "I won't do
followup." And by going like, "Oh, I'm
gonna pull the offer," which is the
craziest thing ever. I've never done
that, nor would I'. It's That's crazy,
bro. Like, anyway, but um it's crazy,
right?
Go ahead and think about it. Well, you
know what? Maybe you're not ready. I'm
[ __ ] take it away. Take away clothes
intentionally. That's one thing. But
pulling the offer is the craziest thing
ever. Um it's spoken by someone who's
never paid for a lead. Yeah. No one who
paid for a lead would ever do that.
That's [ __ ] crazy, right? Could you
imagine some insurance sales guy going
like, "Well, maybe you're not ready for
insurance." be like, "No, you could
[ __ ] [ __ ] pay for that." Be like,
"Are you sure?
>> Maybe you need to be fired, sir. What
the [ __ ] are you doing with yourself?"
Like, geez. Oh, peace.
>> Yeah. I had a sales guy at Sniper and he
was like touted as like the second
coming of [ __ ] sales users, right?
>> And um he he came on and he he wasn't,
you know what I mean? He just he wasn't.
And I was like giving him some feedback
and then he like pulled an offer because
the guy gave money objection and I was
like, "What? Why did you do that?" And
he's like, "Well, because he clearly
isn't ready." I was like, "No, he just
had a he had a concern and he just what
are you doing?" I go, "Never do that
again." And he was like, "Oh." And then
I said like, and then all of his stats
were based on offers made. And I was
like, "No, you offer everyone, bro.
Everyone." And then he quit the next day
as soon as I said all your stats will
now be offer everyone. And he uh he
works at um at a company that I that I
work with very closely, right? and I go
to their events and he won't look at me.
He literally I've seen him about 10
times and he will not look in my
direction like that. And
>> nothing makes me laugh harder than the
guys that are like, "Oh, I've got a 75
80% close ratio." And you start like
digging a little deeper and it's like,
"Well, we only make offers on one out of
10 calls and we only make offers to the
guys that we know for sure have the
money and their credit card out and
they're basically
>> Why don't you have 100?
>> Why don't you have 100? I'm not I'm not
impressed, bro." Yeah, it's [ __ ]
crazy. Um,
>> yeah. Talk me through like the evolution
of like where because you were you were
like you kind of came in you're like one
of the few people who were like I think
similar to me where like I don't need
leads. I don't need I will make leads.
Just give me something to sell and then
I will make the money. You know what I
mean? Because I think we had very
similar things. Like when I came into
seventh level, there was nothing. It was
losing 20 grand a month. Like it had no
money, no product, no clients. Like it
really wasn't a thing. Jeremy was like
not really doing that as a main thing.
It he was doing something else and then
it was like a side project that he tried
to get off the ground a few times. And I
came in, there was like no leads, no
nothing. And I just kind of like started
doing social outreach. And that's how
like the first six months of sales and
building up enough money was done. And I
think you did something very similar
over at Steuman's program, right?
>> Yeah. So, essentially when I got in with
Steuman and those guys, you know, they
had they were making money, but they had
literally just fired all of their sales
team. like literally every single person
got fired and there was, you know, a
database of leads, but a lot of them
were like just beaten to the core of,
hey, if you don't have money, you're a
loser and if you can't sign up with us,
like you suck at life and like just kind
of a real shitty
>> the West school of sales.
>> Yeah. The Yeah, exactly. the Wes Watson
like you're a piece of [ __ ] and you
don't have nothing and you suck at life
and like I kind of came in and I went a
I would never buy from somebody which
from like that which is why it took me
so long to end up joining any sort of
coaching programs to begin with but b I
went well this database kind of sucks
and ultimately like I know I got to sell
somebody
>> so like where do I go to find people
where I can build a genuine relationship
and what's interesting is like the month
after I ended up joining the company,
our Facebook ads account got shut down,
like completely shut down. So, we
couldn't even generate leads if we
wanted to. So, everything we had to do
was either like organic from students
post or me going into the groups and
posting content, replying on people's
posts, like just doing old school almost
like door knocking but on the internets
and in these.
>> Yeah, virtual door knockocking basically
reaching out, sending DMs, asking
questions, and just being like, "Hey,
tell me about what you're working on. I
see you made a post about this. You're
trying to figure out marketing. You're
trying to figure out sales. And just
building relationships in the DMs. Like
I've made more money in sales through
the DMs than I ever have getting on the
phones, which is kind of like a weird
thing to say being that I have a company
named Call the Damn Leads. But like,
>> yeah,
>> the genuine relationship there, the
actual having of conversations. I like
getting in the DMs. Why? Because I can
have 15 conversations at once versus
like onetoone on a phone call. And so,
yeah, I think that's why you and I
really vibe because we both were kind of
in that like, hey man, we we've got a
halfass offer that we can go and make to
people. There's really no structure or
process here, so like, let's just go
[ __ ] figure it out. And the more we
leaned in on it, the more we became like
the authority and go-to person in those
communities, the more leads just kept
showing up in our lap being like, "Hey
man, uh, you're the guy to talk to. What
do I do next?" And it was, you know, a
lot of lay down sales in the sense of
like people came in knowing they wanted
to get help. They knew that we had
something that could help them and all
we had to do was just
>> kindly walk them through the door of of
joining the programs. And then there
were the people where like as the price
ticket got higher, it was kind of like,
all right, cool. Here's really the
logistics of what's going to happen
here. Here's the process. Here's what
you're going to gain. And ultimately,
you have the choice to either join us
and learn this [ __ ] or spend three to
four times as much trying to figure it
out yourself. I mean, I'm not going to
try to really like hard close you one
way or the other, but like what do you
want to do?
>> Yeah. I I like I loved the Facebook
group. The sales revolution Facebook
group was the one that I had 900 people
in it, right? That was the only lead
source that we had. And then I had been
posting content and sales sniper was
doing like over a million dollars a
month I think by the time I I got into
and got to seventh level and I was the
sales rep and so I was like [ __ ] it like
I'll be the sales rep. Um because Jeremy
was coaching me and he asked me to be
the rep and I was like okay and then
like I was like sweet. So I had tons of
infrastructure at sales sniper so I was
able to do some stuff but essentially I
just went in and sort of just pounded
that group and um you know the first
couple hundred sales were just from like
my organic and that group you know like
and it was just and I think the reason
why some of those sales end up being lay
downs like my close rate at seventh was
like 68% or something you know what I
mean but that's like lifetime but a lot
of it's because I'd I'd had, you know,
sometimes I had three months DM
conversations with people. So, by the
time they got on the phone, they were
ready to buy. I'd been following up with
that person and answering questions and
giving value for three months. There
were some dudes that like even when I
was CEO, like two years later, right,
that I was still following up with and
that were still asking me questions and
I would hop on and I would make sales.
I'd make a sale a week easily just from
people like that were coming back and
asking questions and stuff like that.
And you know, and that's why I never
really let my profile be used for
anything because like I didn't want to
dilute that. They used it for a little
bit and I cut it off because I was
[ __ ] sick of it. Um, but I think it's
such an important process and I think
what it teaches you is that like there
are sales to be made everywhere. You
just have to be willing to invest in
that pool, you know? Like it it's sort
of like the way I used to see it is like
a it's like a fishing it's like a fish
farm. If if you just go in there and
rail one place, like if all you have is
new leads and you rail the new leads all
the time, right? Then then you're never
going to have a reservoir of like mature
fish that start making their own fish,
right? So you have to fish each pond
responsibly
and then make sure that fish get mature
and that they have little baby fish and
they they come in. So, you know, that
Facebook group, it was like, okay, I
need to if I rail this too hard, I'm
going to deplete it. So, then I don't
have much else to do. So, now I've got
to go, okay, I'll do my my organic. And
then what I'll do is I'll do a shitload
of referrals and then I'll go into, you
know, other people's groups, but I'll
get permission and I'll like try and
organize some sort of JV, you know, and
do it that way. And you just sort of
like have to figure all that out. But I
think DM selling is like as a method
like you're probably going to close them
on the phone, right? But as a method of
having like you can I remember uh I used
to do DM setting even when I was CEO on
the plane.
So I'd have Wi-Fi on the plane and I
would sit there and I would like for two
hours I would just be in the DMs boom
like that. And I'd be like next to
Jeremy or whatever and go what are you I
was like, I'm DMs,
right? And I I've set 30 calls in two
hours. Like, it's so easy. I had these
people who get [ __ ] three a day. What
are you doing, mate? Like, how are you?
You [ __ ] just You can smash it. I
sold you a DM. That was one of the ways
that we met. You wanted sales training
and it was one of the greatest DM
conversations ever. It was just memes.
>> It was literally two days worth of memes
back and forth. And what was fun is like
at one point I think both of us were
literally just like what's the next
crazy meme that I can send to keep this
conversation going. And and to me it was
fun because like I was already
successful in sales, right? I'm doing
multiple six figures a month and I'm
like, "All right, well here's someone
that's doing well. Where can I go in and
where can I learn one little thing that
will tweak what I'm doing and make it a
little better?" And I think that's part
of what most people are missing is
they're to use the fishing analogy. They
tie the old worm on there and they're
just throwing the worm every single time
doing it the same way. And I'm like,
"Well, [ __ ] it. What What other lures
are there? Can I get a top water? Can I
get a crankbait? Like, what's the other
option that I have to fish?" Because if
they're sick of this, how can I use
something different that gets the
attention? How can I use a different
method that gets a little bit deeper
that goes to a different part of the
water that really just helps to nail
dial in like there are many, many ways
to make sales. No one way is perfect for
every prospect. And the sooner you can
get dialed in on like what's the if
then, what's the process, what's the
flow of the conversation based on the
tonality, their cadence of response, the
words that they're using. And that was
something I saw you as being an expert
in. It's like you were really good at
kind of the if then scenarios of being
able to bounce between, all right, well,
if they say it like this, we go this
route. And if they say it like this,
we're going to go this route. And to me,
one of the biggest things that I learned
working with you was like, ask better
questions. What are the questions that
you're asking during the conversation?
Because if you're using the same
questions over and over, you start to
get kind of base answers. Whereas, when
you flip it a little bit or you alter
the style and way you ask it, it gets
different responses. And I I think that
was one of the fun things working with
you specifically was just seeing how
when you get so narrow and tunnel vision
in your process that you're missing
opportunity that's swimming right on by
you.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And Yeah. Like I I love that
because there there is no there's also
like no right no wrong way to sell.
There's just like what works for you
what works for the prospect. Um right.
But you know and and again like if you
got someone like yourself who's like an
outgoing personality storyteller type
you know person charismatic loves to
have a chat you know like outgoing then
like you have to sort of take the good
of that and then understand what some of
the consequences of that can be in sales
which is like the calls go for too long
right or you end up not being able to
challenge people you know what I mean?
You take someone like me who's like
incredibly direct and forthright, has a
lot of conviction and confidence in my
voice, but I will steamroll people and
that will result in like people not
giving me all the answers. But then also
like it could also mean I'll get a lot
of refunds because I'll just bully
people into buying and they'll say yes
and they'll refund, right? Or they'll
ghost me. And so I've got to counteract
that to make sure that I don't do that.
You know what I mean? which I'm actually
finding a lot is one of the bigger
problems that I see with a lot of sales
at the moment besides the fact that
they're lazy. Um, and they're just
weird, you know, because they Tinder is
the only way they ever learn to pick up
a chick, right? Whereas like we actually
had to go out and talk to people and
risk getting rejected. So, you have to
learn on the fly, right? um you know it
is just they they just they're they're
trying to like they find a mentor or
they find someone online they go I'm
going to replicate that and it's like
mate you don't even like but you're some
meek and meager like really passive guy
and now you're going to go full neutral
in EPQ and you're going to sound like a
full dweeb that just it's not going to
work for you or you're some kind of like
hardcore closer type dude you know and
now you're gonna like double down on
that and you're going to end up just
bullying the [ __ ] out of people and like
that might work in some areas, but in
reality it's probably just going to end
up with you just not being liked, you
know? And so you've got to counter
yourself a little bit. There's a book
that I love um that I read early on in
my sales journey. It's called Steal Like
an Artist. And the whole premise of is
exactly what you just said. Hey, if you
just try to do everything that Da Vinci
did or Picasso did, you're always going
to be the next best version of them
because you're always waiting for them
to do the thing so that you can learn
how to do it. Whereas, if it's like,
"All right, well, I learned from this
guy and I like a little bit of this or I
took that and then I went and learned
from this guy and I liked a little bit
of what he did, but I didn't like this
part." Right? Like one of the things
that I've always said about working with
you is like sometimes it felt like we
were bullying people into buy [ __ ] and I
don't like that. So, I would like kind
of tone it back a little bit. And so, I
took a little bit of what worked really
well for you and used some of it. And
some of it I was just like, "Nope,
that's not for me. I'm not going to do
that because A, it's inauthentic and it
comes across that way from me. And B,
yeah, it's not how I want to be sold.
So, like, I'm not going to sell people
that way because it doesn't make me feel
good to do that." And what's great is
that, like you said, there's no perfect
way. But if you just get a little of
this, a little of that, you can create
your own lane to run in. And that's what
allows you to step into that pace of
being able to like just absolutely
dominate no matter where you are.
>> Yeah. So, what's the what's the idea
behind call the damn leads? Like what
like run me through.
>> What's what's the business idea?
>> The the business idea originally came
because I had a marketing company and we
were great at getting leads for people,
but they wouldn't pick up the [ __ ]
phone and call them. And so I would
literally be on the phone telling
people, "Well, hey man, if you will just
call the damn leads, you'll make more
sales." And so ultimately what it has
transpired into over the years is like a
it's a movement and a reminder to just
do the [ __ ] work. So many people are
so lazy. They just want to be order
takers, but like this ain't 2020. This
ain't 2021 where there's millions of
dollars just flowing around and you can
just take it from everybody because they
don't have it these days. And those who
do are a little more reserved, a little
more guarded. So to me, it's it's really
about a doing the upfront work of having
those conversations and b having a
proper system, process, and routine for
the followup. Because most people are
[ __ ] at followup. They're just [ __ ]
terrible. They call two, three times,
maybe one text, and they're like, "No,
this lead's garbage." When like, "Bro,
I'm making sales from conversations I
started two and three years ago,
>> like forever ago." because it's all
about what you're doing after that
initial conversation to generate real
rapport and overcome the objections. And
there's always three objections. The
price isn't right, the time isn't right,
or they got to go speak to somebody
about it because you've given them way
too much information and now they're
confused. That's it. Anything else is a
smokeokc screen for one of those three,
which are all logistical issues. And
ultimately, when you're calling the damn
leads and you're asking the right
questions, which again, I appreciate you
sharing that with me along the way, but
when you're asking the right questions,
they're going to tell you everything you
need to know. So, like, call the damn
leads is two parts. On the front end,
it's an e-commerce brand with cats,
keychains, wristbands, t-shirts, all the
silly swag to remind your people on your
team to do the [ __ ] work. Beyond
that, it's helping people build out
proper systems, followup, routine,
because like listen, man, you can get
more done in a six-h hour sprint of
actually being intentional than most of
the dudes that are grinding 12 and 16
hours a day because they have no real
process. So, like that to me is really
what Call the Damn Leads is all about is
building a real system and process and
then being disciplined enough to do it
every single day.
>> I love it. I love it. And like is it
aimed more at business owners or is it
individuals? Like obviously the merch
and the e-commerce that's everyone I'm
going to go on because I'm going to go
on today and get myself some call the
damn leaves merch. We'll also put the
link down below.
>> Yeah, thank you for that. Uh yeah, the
merch is really kind of like the
individual sales rep. I do get a lot of
people that buy 25, 50, 100 wristbands
because they have a team. The the
coaching aspect, the consulting is
really more team- based. It's like,
yeah, I can help an individual.
Obviously, we have some kind of like
group programs for that, but we're
really we're focusing in more on like
the actual business owner, the sales
leadership, and helping them create
those systems and processes because a
lot of times they've been promoted from
being the top sales rep to now being
responsible for all these people, and
they have no real idea on how to
actually do that. It's called the
Peter's principle. You can be promoted
past your expertise and you see a lot of
sales fail because of that.
>> Yeah, exactly. You see a lot of people
fail because they don't have a
repeatable system and process. And I
think that's really where we shine is
like, hey man, we can systematize it. We
can create metrics. We can create, you
know, ways to track it. And then
ultimately, we can create ways to hold
these people accountable to getting the
results because you now have a way to
measure what the hell is actually going
on.
>> I love that. That's beautiful. And
you've been you've been a part of a, you
know, big coaching programs and stuff
like that. And so what would you say are
I guess some of the things that people
just like a lowhanging fruit that
businesses are doing or not doing that
is gonna besides just call the damn
leads obviously because people should be
doing outbound. Everyone should be doing
it. It's a staple man. It's a lot
[ __ ] cheaper to get a phone number
than what it is to get a book call. I
can tell you that right now, right? So
like but what are some common things
that you're seeing in the business at
the moment that people are just like
[ __ ] like why aren't you doing that?
This is going to sound ridiculous, but
people still aren't leveraging social
media. This is a platform that has
millions of people on it and hundreds
and hundreds of your ideal client, and
they're not putting out content in a way
that lets people know they can actually
solve their problem. And that doesn't
matter what business you're in. You
could be in a like a home services,
roofing, contractors, HVAC, plumbers,
real estate. You know, real estate
agents do an okay job, but a lot of
times their [ __ ] just comes across super
spammy and obnoxious. But like the good
old boys, the downhome folks, like the
the whole point of social media is to
share what you have going on. And when
you get people who are engaging with
your content, you should be reaching out
to them. You should be asking them,
"Hey, I saw you were engaging with my
post. I saw that you commented on XYZ.
Tell me more about yourself. What do you
got going on?" They're not leveraging
the fact that there's millions of people
on these platforms that they could be
doing sales with and they're so focused
on the paid ads or the leads that are
coming in from their lead vendors when
they've got massive opportunity right
there at their fingertips and they're
just ignoring it.
>> Yeah, I agree. I don't know a single
business that or even employees that
wouldn't benefit from posting consistent
content about what they're doing. You
know, I would recommend doing what the
employees at Microsoft have been doing,
which is like showing how they only work
20 minutes a day, which resulted in
9,000 people getting downsided. But
like, I mean, [ __ ] work and then that
won't happen. But even if I'm like a
plumber, like, and I see a shitty
plumber's work that I now have to go in
and fix, but I just go like, "Hey, two
seconds in front of my phone, go, hey,
if you see this, call me. This is what
they did. This is how they shunked it
up. This is how you should do it. and
I'll show you the before and after and
this is the problem it causes. You know
what I mean? And it's just like easy.
Boom. You post that and like I think
what people are looking for is like this
viral return. First of all, if you're
like a local plumber, you don't want a
viral video because like that's just
going to just that like that will just
make it so that like everybody outside
of your area is seeing your [ __ ] and
then it's going to be like that's not
what you want. What you want is like the
right people to see it. And the cool
thing is like on social media, it's so
cheap to just promote video views in
like a local area. So you could put like
a 10 kilometer or 10 mile radius around
or wherever your working radius is. You
could just spend $5 a day and anyone in
there is going to be just seeing you
come up. Like that's way better than a
[ __ ] fridge magnet. I can tell you
that right now.
>> Right.
>> Well, and here's the thing. People don't
realize
>> a hundred clients that showed up on your
doorstep right now with their credit
card out would [ __ ] your business.
You don't have the infrastructure to
handle going viral. So all these people
that are like, "Well, I want to go viral
and I don't you would die. Your business
would go under because you cannot
service them.
>> It would be worthless for you." Yeah.
Exactly. It would be awful. But that's
why systems and processes are so
important because like if a 100 people
show up and you have a real system and
process on how do we onboard them,
what's going to happen, how do we set
the proper expectations, well, okay,
then sure, it makes sense. But like you
said, going viral, getting millions and
millions of views is only going to throw
the algorithm out of whack and it's not
going to bring you the people that you
want. It's probably going to bring a
bunch of cockroaches out of the woodwork
that are just going to talk [ __ ] about
the fact that it's like, "Well, that's
not how you fix a toilet. That's not
right. I wouldn't pay you to ever do
that. And then it's you're just dealing
with negativity. And that's a whole
other side of social media that I think
is what scares people is they're like,
well, I don't want them to call me out
on, you know, doing something
incorrectly. It's like, let them call
you out, but make sure you're doing
everything you're doing in the right way
so that you can correct them publicly in
a kind way. And that's going to build
your authority even more because your
unwillingness to have that hard
conversation is why people don't trust
you.
>> Yes. And and I think, you know, they're
they're looking for that instant like
they're looking for quick feedback or
quick rings when like content and is a
long-term strategy. It's the same as
like writing blogs on a website. Writing
blogs on a website is like not when
people read them. People that do though
are usually pretty pretty involved. But
also like that is a game that you play
to make Google happy.
you you you do it and like because it
keeps your website relevant and that's
what they want. They want you to
constantly update your website and add
to Google's archives and bring people in
and you know what I mean and so when you
do do a console registry and all that
kind of stuff like you do your site
mapping you want to have it's a con
constantly growing right it means that
you're still relevant so it's not like
you're going to produce a blog and then
get a client from it but what it will do
is like it's adding to the totality of
like okay I have a legitimate online
presence and you know it's like you're
adding to your storefront right you're
getting in new inventory story. If you
if you have a story and you sell four
things and you never change those four
things, yes, people will come to you for
those four things if they know about it,
but you're never going to get anyone
new. So, you need to add a fifth product
and a sixth and a seventh. That's why,
you know, there's new products that they
bring to the front all the time because
they're enticing people to come in,
right? And and and it's just like you
have to take these strategies and really
do it long term and just come up with a
cadence that works for you. but content
and like just putting out value into the
marketplace
without the like hey but give me money
for this. It's just like hey you know if
you see me as a plumber you will be able
to identify for free if at least you
won't get scammed
you know and like my whole thing was um
and I used to all was if you know me you
will get better at sales for free like
that was the content deal and I was like
I'll put out tons and tons of indepth
precise free [ __ ] that's tangible
actionable it's not like the same stuff
over and over again and it's not like
enough just to get you by. It's like
I'll go in depth into that one subject
per video, right? Um, and then if you
want to give me money, you can,
but if you don't, it's totally cool.
like just kind of keep doing your thing
because there's enough people and I I
don't I don't think people understand
that that long-term approach
five years down the track if you've been
consistent like you don't need to run
ads
like you just won't need to. You'll have
so many [ __ ] people just coming to
you and then it's like the referrals add
up and the inbounds add up and the
website inquiries like dialer at 500k a
month. We launched in January and have
never run an ad. And it's a software
company that's pure software. And like I
think I had a look uh you know it took
uh Alaware it took them six years to get
to a million dollars
a year,
right? Like we're at 500K a month. We
launched seven months ago or something.
You know what I mean? But you've been
putting in the work for six, seven years
to create that level of authority to
where people trust you enough to be
like,
>> "Yo, Matt, just like me when I was like,
"All right, GHL [ __ ] to bed. Contact
rates are [ __ ] plummeting. They're
sub 10%. Like, something is going on
here." Who did I call? I called Max. I
was like, "Hey, bro. Like, clearly
you're in the game. You know what's
going on. I've been seeing you talk
about dialer. Like, give me the deets."
And within a week, I'm signed up for the
platform. I'm putting it to work. And my
pickup rates through the roof. The trust
level that we had came from years and
years and years of watching you put
stuff out with the idea of like, buy
from me, don't buy from me. I really
don't care. I'm going to show you what
the real truth is and then you get to
make a decision on what you want to do
with it.
>> Yeah. And that's, you know, it's it's
been, you know, it's weird because like
it's driven website inquiries from like
public companies that are doing billions
of dollars
and it's like it's bizarro, but you
know, it it starts to create this web,
you know, and now what I've done is I've
kind of focused the web towards that,
you know, I've got sales training, which
is good for getting reps in, and then
reps learn about it and then they tell
people, and then they kind of go out,
right? So, and then I've got some
business owner stuff, but you know, it's
just that whole like if you can you want
to be able to give someone the
opportunity to decide if you're an idiot
or if you're smart.
Let them decide. You can't control that
piece, right? Um and then from there, if
you just give them enough like
opportunity to where I can I'll talk
about stuff, they go, "Hey, that guy
knows what he's talking about. He's got
these things. Oh, I wonder if that
solves the problem." And then they can
go down the rabbit hole if they want,
right? you know, but I did I just think
people don't realize like the the time.
It just takes time to do that. Also,
when you start content, you suck at it.
But you're not going to stop sucking at
it until you do it. Like I look at my
old videos, I'm like, "Fuck, that was
garbage." You know, just sales is way
though.
>> You suck at sales when you start until
you start doing more reps. And that's
the issue with all these people that
aren't picking up the phone is they're
not putting in enough reps to get good
at it, which is why they complain. Which
is why they only make two to three calls
and then they give up because they
haven't realized that, hey, it's the
eighth through the 15th call that are
actually getting answered. Especially
with online lead then, right? Like I
came from the world of insurance. When
we bought a lead, we'd spend $25 to $50
on it and it was being sold to six or
seven other agents at the same time.
>> Well, guess who was still selling those
people six and eight months later? Me.
because a lot of those dudes would just
give up. So, I would just keep calling
and keep calling and keep calling and
sending letters to their house and
texting them and emailing them and like
just continuing to show up over and over
and over to the point where they were
like, "You're the last man standing.
Tell me more about what the hell you got
going on."
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You are. You are. You
won by attrition.
>> Yeah. people just don't you know it's a
real shame because I think that the the
high ticket space especially at the
moment has been the high ticket space
specifically
is now right now overrun with a lot of
like uh really really like strict like
hey we are the way to do it this is the
only way every other way is stupid which
I think is dumb and then also like hot
take stuff like we're at the hot take
issue like it's the hot take time you
know and everyone every industry goes
through it right now sales in particular
is going through take which is like
don't do follow-up, don't ask for
referrals, you know, don't read a
script, you know, or it's like only do
this or only do this. And it's like,
guys, if anyone's talking in like
absolute definitives when it when it
comes to communication, it's crazy
tales.
>> We can let AI call your leads for you.
Like, what?
>> Yeah.
>> You think an AI is gonna do a better job
than a real human? Like
>> what's wrong with that?
>> Yeah. No, ex like there's so much nuance
in communication that the they could
learn what to say, but they're not going
to learn how to read what's not being
said. You know what I mean? And maybe
one day it will, whatever. But right
now, it's just not going to happen.
Also, you know, [ __ ] they're making
they're making they are going to outlaw
AI sales calls. like the AGs just
started um they uh the attorney generals
of of 30 different states just started
issuing like to dialers and to the
facilitators of of like of vo calling if
you allow rooc calling non-compliant
excessive rooc calling on your platform
you will be fined and I was like yes
wave dollar is [ __ ] like they're
[ __ ] because that's literally all they
do is allow people to [ __ ] basically
robo dump, right? Um, like super
illegally. Now, they probably don't even
know it's [ __ ] illegal. Maybe they do
and they don't care, but I mean, the
amount of industries that can multi-line
dial legally
is very few. And the the marketing
circumstances you have to have in place
are very specific. And then you have to
abide by certain abandon rates. And like
I've been on a lot of different
platforms and I've never even seen
abandon rate tracked. And like I've
spoken to dudes that are doing like 10
line multiline dollars and I'm like
what's your abandonment rate? Like huh?
I was like you know it's like an
enormous FCC violation to have more than
3% like banner rate. They're like huh?
And I'm like [ __ ] me mate. Did you not
even Google? Anyway, but the dialers
like all these they're all letting them
do it without any
give a [ __ ] because like they're not
liable. But now they're making it so
they are. And now a lot of that come
came from um Air AI I think was that one
was the one those [ __ ] kids started
that crazy one. So this is what's
kicking it all off because they were
doing
like thousandline multi-line right with
an AI and they it was [ __ ] crazy some
of the [ __ ] that they had set up. It was
like the craziest multi-line
non-compliant madness dialers with AI
doing crazy [ __ ] right? And Twilio got
a phone call from the FCC and they were
like, "Motherfuckers, you saw this
happening.
Why didn't you [ __ ] stop it?" Because
they also built their own dialer, right?
>> They were getting paid. They don't care.
>> Yeah.
>> So they [ __ ]
>> Yeah. And now it's like, "Hey, dude.
Like we're going to sting you for those
guys because like that you saw them
doing it." Like you can't say you didn't
see that, right? They're calling the
same prospect 50 times a [ __ ] day.
Like you can't do that. It's harassment,
you know? And so um you know there's so
many of issues like that that are
happening in calling industry. And so
and right now what what what's going to
happen is like they are making it
significantly harder to get hold of
leads if you're acting like a scammer
and if you're acting like a thirsty
[ __ ] And with what's happening like
it's first it's going to be calling and
then it'll be text. So text got a heap
of regulation a couple years ago, but
now they're bringing in like a lot more
extra data that you can see on text with
RCS, which is being rolled out like over
the next year or two, too. Um, which
gives you way more like deliverability
data. And so it's going to be it'll be
far similar to like email where like you
really have to be careful. You have to
warm up domains. You can't [ __ ] spam.
Like it's going to be all very similar
to that. Um and and which is why we're
trying to be on the forefront of that at
Dialer with like you know we are in
communication with everyone all the time
on like what is the thing, what is the
thing, what is the thing, what's
happening, what's happening, what's
happening and like we're talking to
everyone because we just want to have
like the product that is the best, you
know, like it's the we're doing
everything to remove the reason why you
can't get a hold of people. It doesn't
mean you can get a hold of everyone. And
if your leads [ __ ] suck and your guys
are garbage, sorry. I have had that
conversation a lot of times. Why is
there contact grade [ __ ] Well, because
your leads suck and your guys are [ __ ]
Like, not my fault, mate. [ __ ] follow
the sales trainer. Like, whatever, you
know? Um, but like if we because if we
remove all the barriers, then it's just
like, you know, one of the big ones is
actually rostering. People don't
realize. So, what we're creating is like
a
uh we're creating like a dashboard where
you set like 8 a.m. EST to 8:00 PM PST
and then we can see where all the leads
come in, right? And then you see your
coverage. So, if your coverage is 40%.
It's like, well, you got leads, all
these leads coming in all this time, but
you're only calling during this little
time window. What about all these times?
Like, what's going on? Like, these
people are opting in at that time.
[ __ ] speed to lead. Speed to lead is
how you get a higher pickup rate. Like
that is the way besides all the other
[ __ ] that we do on the back end. But
that is the key. If you get to them
fast, you're fine, right? Like
>> well, and this is why I laugh at all the
guys that are out there like promoting
their AI callers, right? It's like, oh,
we we got an AI that will call and set
the appointment for you and it's like
you see all these people commenting that
they're interested and then you go to
that person's website and that person
doesn't even have a privacy policy.
There's no terms and conditions. Like
their [ __ ] is so uncompliant that it's
hilarious. And that's what I love about
you guys is that like not only do you
create a system that's actually
compliant, but you explain to people
like, hey, if you don't have these
things, you're just looking for trouble.
And so many of these folks are just fly
by night. Like, oh, these guys are
making a bunch of money. Like, let me go
and download a snapshot. Let me start my
own AI calling agency, start selling 50,
60 people at, you know, a,000 bucks a
month. Now I'm a millionaire. And
they're not even following the laws of
like when someone opts in they have to
click two boxes and do all the things
that make it compliant. Like they don't
give a [ __ ] man. It's crazy.
>> Yeah, it is wild. And it's going to come
down like a [ __ ] ton of bricks on
some people. I've had conversations with
people like and like they are like
scarily and they're big and scarily
non-compliant. Like I had a conversation
with the dude. They were sending out 11
Labs voice like voice clones,
right, of the owner for uh like debt
collection purposes. And I was like,
"Dude,
that is so illegal. You have no idea."
They're like, "What?" And I was like,
"Can you just do me a favor and just
stop doing that immediately?"
>> I was like, "The regulation around
[ __ ] like failed payment, people
don't think failed failed payment is
debt collection, right? And it falls
under debt collection." Uh the laws are
super specific, you know, about when you
can contact, how you can contact, like
you have to give certain amount of days
in between contacts. Like it's really
specific and like sending [ __ ] like
uh cloned voice messages is not cool.
Like um and I was like, "Guys, just
[ __ ] stop it, you know?" Um and
there's some crazy chick and I get like
people just kind of figure out stuff
that works, you know what I mean? But
then, you know, at least goo put it into
chat GPT and go, if I do this, like, is
this really [ __ ] stupid? And chat GPT
would go, yeah,
>> it's like not great. You know what I
mean? I was talking to I was talking
about Kixie's I was talking to ChatGpt
about about Kixie's um poolled system
that they use, right? Because the way
that their local presence is like it
sends your dial, right, from your phone
number into a pool. It then wraps it
in a caller ID from that local thing
from a pool of numbers, but it's a it's
a pool that like every business in Kixie
has access to, right? And so I was
walking it through and I was trying to
make it say that like what they're doing
is illegal, right? And because it is
like it it sure is like I don't like it
is a it's not I don't even consider it a
gray area, but I was like so give me the
laws on like caller ID. It's like the
caller ID has to match. The in and the
out have to match. and the number has to
be provisioned to your business.
I was like, sweet. So, does the caller
ID in and out match when you're using
that system? It's like, well, no, but
this and this and this. And I was like,
okay, cool. And I was like, does the
does the uh is that number that's being
sent to that prospect that's displaying
on their thing, is that number
provisioned to the business? Like, no. I
was like, cool. So, how is it allowed?
And basically, he's like, they paid for
it. They they paid for it to be allowed,
right? So like they've paid enough to
where like that's it's not being looked
at,
>> right? Like they have a relationship
with the telco to where like that's not
being looked at. But like I have a
feeling that that will not continue to
be okay because local presence
>> if you're doing it that way. Also like
when it comes to caller ID spoofing,
right, if the intent is to uh trick
someone,
right, then it's illegal as well. So,
like if you're intending to make that
person think that you're local,
right, by wrapping it in a local thing
that you don't own, then that's that to
me ticks every spoofing box that there
is, which is a million dollar fine per
dial per dial. It's like the worst thing
you can do, right? It's a it's the if
it's if if it ever gets classified as
poor ID spoofing, which I think it will
one day, um then I think everyone's
[ __ ] uh you know but it's not being
classified as spoofing now because it's
I think it's rolling in some sort of
weird gray area that's sort of you know
it's like iMessage like iMessage is
technically not regulated by PCPA
but using it for outbound is also
against Apple's terms of service but you
have to buy an Apple device to set up
iMessage so like I think they're kind of
turning a blind eye to it because
there's all these farms just buying up
Apple devices right so they win no
matter what I guess um But at some point
that will come collapsing down because
it's against terms of service and TCPA
will regulate it. Like it is a text
message, you know what I mean? Like it
is. So, and in Europe, iMessage is not
going to be allowed anymore.
So, everyone's going to have to go into
the same system called RCS because they
considered like a monopoly or whatever.
So, all kinds of weird things happening.
And and that's the thing that makes it
difficult for the folks that want to be
legitimate is like all these folks will
go play in the gray area or like super
illegal [ __ ] and they don't care because
they're making money. And then you know
those of us that are like no I want to
do this the right way. I don't want to
break laws. I don't want to risk getting
a million dollar fine cuz like [ __ ]
that. You know we we get laughed at when
we have these conversations with people
like hey man you know what you're doing
is illegal and they will come and get
you. If you look in the insurance
industry, there are people that got
absolutely
smashed for TCPA compliance. Like
hundreds and hundreds of thousands of
dollars of fines because they wanted to
play in the gray area. And then
insurance companies I remember were like
pulling brokerages, pulling agencies
from people, just being like, "Nope,
you're out of business and we're keeping
all your money. Like, we told you not to
do this and you did it and guess what?
Now you're fucked."
>> Yeah. There's a company called Vice Sal,
which is like a supplement company,
right? Like a weight loss supplement.
And they were like a pretty big company.
And they had 900,000 leads over the
course of a year, which is a lot, but
it's actually not like a crazy amount.
You know what I mean? Like I know
businesses that get way more, right?
They got two violations per lead is what
they got done for, right? It was $957
million in fines,
right? Two violations per lead. So if
you have a look at that, the maximum
according into the TCPA is around sort
of like it's around 7 to 10 per week,
right? Is around the max 10 per week,
right? They just like and it's four per
day is really kind of like, you know, so
like if and and sometimes it's like 8:00
p.m. in Florida. So, if you were to like
call someone four times and text them
once and then you were to call them at
801 and they're in Florida, like that's
two violations for the day. And and like
that is nothing. Or maybe you call
someone on a voting day or maybe you
call someone like, you know, uh more
than 10 times in a week, right? And all
this kind of stuff. And it's like two
violations is nothing. I know like I've
I've I've seen businesses do like five
violations per day per lead,
right? Because again like the the reps
can just do whatever they want. You know
what I mean? And so like if they think
that that's like a ridiculous outside
use case, it's like dude that's two
violations. It's one point it was it was
uh 1.8 million violations, right? But
they had 900,000 leads, so it's only
two.
Most people are doing two an hour. You
know what I mean? They're triple dial
every hour on the hour until someone
picks up the phone and it's like, "What
are you doing?"
>> Yeah.
>> Harassing.
>> Double dialing is against TCPA. The
moment you double dial, you are breaking
TCPA,
>> right? Because you're doing it to break
the iPhone focus. They go, "Yeah, yeah."
Like, "Okay, but like that's a consumer
perception in place for a reason and
they don't want to be contacted." It's
like, "Yeah, but that's how we get
through to them." was like, "Yeah, but
what if they're on stage talking at an
event and then or what if their wife's
giving birth
or like,
you know what I mean?" And then you just
double dial them to break through their
focus time. You're like, "The [ __ ] do
you want?" Is that really how you want
that relationship to start?
Is that all you want? No. Exactly. Well,
then just [ __ ]
like all the We don't do any double
dialing on the system at all and the
pickup rates are better. So, like I just
don't see
the point, you know? Same with local
presidents. I don't see the point of
that either. And you can do it. There is
a legal way to do it, but it's [ __ ]
expensive because you have to own all
the numbers.
>> So, like, if you want
it's not as successful. Like, can it
work? Yes. But at the end of the day,
the moment that they find out you're
using a local number, but you're not
actually in their locality, there's a
trust break.
>> Yeah. And and that's the whole part this
conversation that I think a lot of
people are going to overlook is like
>> the whole point of sales is to build
trust to where they're wanting to work
with you. And the more sketchy [ __ ]
you're doing, the more trust you're
breaking. And yeah, law of large
numbers. If you do it enough times,
sure, you'll make sales, but ultimately
you're just putting yourself on the path
for failure. And that's all it is.
>> Absolutely. Also, for everyone watching,
your local presence is about to destroy
your business because they've recently
AT&T and T-Mobile and Sprint have I've
been on the phones with them. They've
all made some changes recently to where
like doing that and I won't even explain
why, but doing that will basically
ensure that you are permitted.
It's going to like it they will ensure
it over the next six months. It's going
to get catastrophically bad. Like
they'll have less than 1% pickup rates.
I I would I would say and they will
probably not even get they will probably
just go straight to voicemail for nearly
every single dial
which will mean that then they'll start
multi-line dialing and then you know
that'll be fun. That'll be fun.
>> And we'll be right back having this same
conversation about all these goofballs
doing dumb stuff trying to be successful
instead of just doing it the right way
the first time.
>> Exactly. So Derby, where can people find
you?
>> Call the damnleads.com. Best thing I
would say, share this episode on social
media and tag at dialer, tag at call the
damn leads, like let us know that you
enjoyed the content. That's going to do
two things. It's going to let me and
Matt know you appreciated our time spent
here. And also, we're in sales, so we're
going to follow up with you and say,
"Hey, what did you like about that
conversation? What stood out?" Because
we're professionals and that's what we
do. Uh, but outside of that, go to
callthedamleads.com, check us out. We
got swag. We got keychains, fun hats,
wristbands, all that [ __ ] Uh, and and
just remember, man, the the money is in
the sales, and if you want to make
sales, you got to call the damn leads.
>> Beautiful. I love it. You're a man after
man. Hard to be listen.
>> Thank you, sir. I appreciate your time.
>> All right, guys. Thanks for your time.
Five.
