All right, guys. So, this is what we're trying to do with uh tracking. Um, so we got the amount of calls booked, the amount of offers made. You don't have to track that if you don't want to. Um, I personally don't. Uh, it depends on if you're doing triages or not, but this would just be your sales call.
And you can have the exact same thing for your triage call if you're doing a two call method. So, you'd have an individual spreadsheet for call one, individual spreadsheet for call two, and then you kind of marry up that data. So, sales calls booked in the diary. Um, so say you had 10 sales calls, you made offers on eight and you had two no-shows, right? Um, and then you had two follow-ups and you had two closers, zero deposits, did that much revenue, right? In in contract value, and you collected that much in cash. Okay, that's all
going to get calculated down here. That's all great. So, it means that we can know our show up rates and just all that kind of stuff. So, because we're having a giant no rate, that like that's an issue. There's things that we need to do there. Then what I want you to do as well that that's all pretty straightforward and we can go over how you track all that data um and and and what means what but essentially calls in the diary the people who you made offers on the people who did not show up because that's an important stat to know
the people who like you weren't hard nos you know what I mean um but you had follow-ups required number of closes number of deposits okay um then down here we put in all no sales, the people who even the people who are follow-ups and all that kind of stuff. The people who we did not sell.
Um, right? Then we need to put them in here. This is just some dummy data. Right? So, let's say we had 10 no sales in week one of the month. We had two think about it, four money, two time, two partner, and zero trust. Right? So, those are the objections that we're looking at. So, if you get a, you know, a trust one is where like you just couldn't really, it was a bit of a smoke screen.
You didn't really feel like they trusted the offer. they trusted you. So like you know there were a bunch of different objections essentially you got four or five different ones right? So put that in the trust column a hard think about it hard money hard time hard partner okay put those in there and then that's all going to calculate on here on a monthly right exactly what you're doing.
So for this one, you know, this this dummy data, money was the big one, right? So we know that over the past month, because we don't want to look in really tiny little cycles, we want to look in terms of like longer cycles, right? That your biggest objection was money. So that means that in training, we need to uh figure out a way to be able to find the value or have a look in your own head.
Are you having money issues at the moment? Um are you uncomfortable? Are you investing in yourself? like what are the things that you're doing that could manifest a lot of money objections and what are the things that you're doing tactically and strategically in your call that will get you more money objections and is there a way that we can address that in both your head the words that you're saying and also address it in some of the marketing so that we can get some maybe potentially some stronger prospects or is it a fact like there's a few things
that we can do there so we just want to pick the thing that's the lowest hanging fruit if we review a few calls calls and you review your own calls and you see that, okay, I don't think I established enough value through a lot of those calls, then we can just work on that one particular part of your game instead of throwing everything out and being like, well, it.
I'll just start from scratch. All right, the caliber of a salesperson is determined by how long they can be in the slump without sort of changing a proven process. All right, guys. So, like that's a really important thing to track. Uh, it's a very important thing for you to get right. It's It's probably what's going to allow you to understand more about your sales than anything else is by tracking your objections.
Um, all right guys, hope that helps.
