Everyone lost their mind when call
screening in iOS 26 came out and I'm
here to give you the exact data of
what's happened in outbound dialing
since that roll out. I own a dialer. I
can see millions of dials in hundreds of
different businesses calling all
different sorts of leads from cold
calling to inbound to outbound
everything. Opt-in, non-optin, you name
it. And I'm going to give you the exact
nitty-gritty data. What's working,
what's not working, the real tangible
impact it's had on the numbers. and I'm
going to give you step-by-step
strategies that you can use in order to
maximize your chance of getting people
to pick up the phone so you can actually
make some sales. Okay, so what is this
iOS call screening? Okay, if you have an
iPhone, if you have an Android, you're
like, "Hey, this has been out for years,
right? Uh but if you have an iPhone,
you're like, "What's this new thing?"
So, what it is is it's uh people that
are not in your contacts, you have the
option and the ability to uh screen
those. And so, it's automatically going
to get sent to a live transcribed
voicemail. um and it's going to
transcribe exactly why you're calling
and then they can decide to pick up or
not. So there there are some things
behind the scenes that are happening.
Essentially it's um automatic span
detection for unknown callers. Right now
I have been told that at a station score
and the overall health of the number and
the score of the number will play a role
in if this is automatically triggered or
not. There's little evidence to support
that that is the case. However, that may
be coming in future updates. Um but
essentially like it's just designed to
stop spam callers. Now if you're an
opt-in, you're not a spam caller. So, we
want to make sure that it doesn't
actually screw you up. Okay. The the
overall promise that Apple's saying is
fewer mis calls and fewer spam. It's
going to divert lowquality flagged
things automatically to voicemail. Um,
anything that's suspicious or spam
likely, all that kind of stuff. And, um,
it's going to label allow you to label
it as spam very, very easily. And so, it
it does add some friction points.
However, I don't really think it's that
massive of a deal. And I'm going to kind
of explain why. So, when it comes to
like D, there's a couple things
happening that you may not know about.
And one of them is like the meta
analysis of all of the information that
comes with the data and the signal.
Okay? And that's call origin and call
volume, repeatable patterns, anything
that looks suspicious, all that kind of
stuff may trigger it. Um, but really
it's going to be like anyone who's not
in the contacts. Now, the big thing is
like how many people actually use these
features? And the good thing is we have
some data on that because you know Apple
is a very consumerheavy product and the
people who use Apple are usually less
tech-minded than uh Android. That's just
kind of how it works. You can argue with
me in the comments, but that's usually
kind of the break up in demographic. But
on the Android platform, the spam
filtering um was only like a 5 to 15%
uptake um on the actual feature because
it it's kind of annoying because
especially like if you're a salesperson,
you're never going to turn it on. If
you're an entrepreneur, you're never
going to turn it on because one in eight
and one in eight people is a
salesperson. A lot of people are
entrepreneurs. A lot of people use their
phones and they're in constant
communication with people they don't
know, um like business owners or
whatever for a living. And so it's it's
going to be an incredibly annoying thing
to have. Like I haven't turned mine on.
and I never will because I I would find
it annoying to have to sit there and
read it and then I can just decide
whether or not I call or call back. Like
it's a very I I feel like it's solving a
problem that isn't necessarily exist
because I don't feel like it solves the
problem. It just kind of gives you a
different way now you have to read it
instead of hearing it. I don't really
think it is too much of a difference. So
the uptake has has never been enormous
in terms of this and having owning a
dialer having seen the amount of people
that go to Google voice although it's
definitely it's a good chunk like you
know say 10 15% of all the non-pickups
but you know then you got to take the
pickups and like into account so it's a
relatively small proportion that
actually end up with that outcome and
even then you can bypass Google voice
with a call within 15 minutes and then
just it rings through anyway and
realistically I think there is a couple
ways in order to I guess make it a semi
positive but overall uptake isn't huge.
So I went through the numbers of like I
took a random segment of clients that
are on dialer from different industries.
I've taken like infospace. I've taken
people with organic leads. I've taken
like infrastructure. I've taken
financial services, roofing trades,
coaching. I've taken a good chunk and
I've gone through the data specifically
from the month before to the month now.
So August 15th to September 15th, it
rolled out midepptember and September
15th to now, which at the filming this
is like October 14th. And this is
exactly what I saw. Okay. In terms of uh
like Andy Elliot, so he's on our dialer.
Overall, there was a 2% drop in pickup
rate from those two days. That's it. So
2%. So he went from a total pickup rate
of 15% to 13%. And that's one dial, one
pickup, right? Across all different
campaigns, new leads, old leads,
everything. Uh Cole Gordon, for example,
he saw a a he went from 17.1% to 22.99%.
So he saw an increase of nearly 7%
pickup rate. Gator Roofing, which is a
roofing company, there's a large volume
through our platform. They went from 12
to 9.5. So again, statistically somewhat
there. We had a financial services
company called Crown and they uh went
from 18 to 15.4. Smart Trading, which is
an infospace product, which has a heavy
organic presence, went from 16 to 25 in
that same time period, and Viva, uh,
which didn't have the time period before
that, but they are a new client of DA.
They've been on for about 4 weeks now,
and they're an infrastructure team doing
high volume outbound, and they have a
28.5% pickup rate. So, all in all, I see
really no statistical increase or
decrease given the roll out of iOS 26.
adaptation uptake of this feature will
obviously increase over time, I I would
assume, although the iOS 26 rollout has
been pretty disastrous anyway because
the software has been so glitchy. But I
haven't turned it on. I haven't had it I
haven't seen it be too much of an issue.
The statistical variances that I'm
seeing across all different swaths of
industries are the same as the variance
that you would get from month to month
anyway because you know speed to lead
plays a factor. 2% pickup rate here.
It's really neither here nor there. I
will continue to track and monitor this
and see if it does create an issue. But
you know what we have to understand is
that this has been on Android for years.
I mean Android has been doing this in
all of its skins since I think like for
five plus years. I think in two in 2020
the Google voice stuff came out and that
was adapted and you know it's been going
for years. carriers have also been doing
this in the spam detection features.
Plus, they've been using addestation
scoring and the uh stir shaken protocols
in order to to block before it even gets
there, which is I think is a far more um
aggressive thing and nobody seemed to
give a about that cuz you didn't
know it was happening, right? So,
they've been doing that since 2018. Um
but let's talk about like what you can
actually do, the tangible action steps
that you can take in order to maximize
um this if if you are seeing a downturn.
Okay. Um or if you expect or if you
think you're seeing a downturn orever, I
don't think you really are, at least not
from that. It could just be a
statistical variance based on monthto
month. However, I think that the core
screening and the Google voice and the
uh iOS screening, I think that brings up
an interesting opportunity to where uh
you need to be good at that little
30-second drop. So, I hear a lot and
it's like, "Yeah, it's Matt from
Dialer." And they just sit there and
wait. Like, that is a really shitty
message. Like, I'm not reading that, you
know? It's like so that is sales copy
and that should be scripted. So if I
have running an outbound team and and
they hit Google voice, they should have
a specific script for when they hit
Google voice. They should have a
specific script for when they hit iOS
transcribing because one's going to be
listened to and one's going to be read.
So and try a bunch of different variants
and see which gets the highest rate.
Have them track it manually, whatever.
Right? How many of those did you hit
versus how many picked up? Hey, it's
just Matt from Dollars to give you a
call about increasing your pickup rates.
uh let me know if you have some time.
I'll stay on the line until you pick up
like something like that. I don't know
what's going to work. I guess you just
have to try it. But testing different
variants and whoever figures that out
will absolutely crush it. Because when
you think about it, now you have the
opportunity to guarantee that they're
going to read something or have a high
likelihood they're going to read it.
Whereas before they were probably just
doing that, now they're actually reading
a message from you. So you have another
opportunity to be able to send your
message to someone. Okay. The next thing
um besides that is like using verified
caller IDs. So, don't use shitty
numbers. Don't change your numbers out
constantly. That's really going to burn
you. If a number is marked as to spam,
okay? It doesn't mean that you kill it.
That's just not what you do. Uh what you
do is you you then use that number
differently. You need to rotate through
your numbers. I have other uh things on
that. Dialer doesn't automatically, but
you want to use like good quality
numbers. You want to abide by the stir
shaken protocols. If you don't know what
they are, just Google it. Okay. I would
say single line dialing only. Multi-line
dialing. Uh lowers addestation scoring.
Also a lot of the time automatic uh
answering machine detection is on.
Automatic answering machine will
automatically if you get sent to
screening it'll automatically uh like
cut the call. I think that that is a
thing that a lot of people are going to
have to change because they probably
don't realize um that that's going to
happen. So if they are seeing a
significant downturn since the uptake in
the iOS 26 um I think it's probably
going to be through that uh AMD right
automatic uh answering machine
detection. Um and then that's just
automatically cutting way more calls.
So, you know, because it's it's just
there now. So, now instead of it being
15%, maybe it's 30% of all the calls
between the iOS and the Android and and
now it's just automatically kind of
cutting them down. All right. Uh monitor
your numbers, okay, for spam. Numerical.
You can do it through number verifier.
There's a bunch of different ways to do
it. Like, I don't think there's any
really good solution, but there are
plenty of solutions out there that will
give you somewhat of an idea. Rotate
your numbers, okay? Make sure that
they're being used under a certain
threshold. So, I would say less than $75
to $100 per day per number. And try not
to do on a pattern. So, rotate them
every hour or two. Encourage uh warming
up and proper call cadences. So, like
when you get a new number, don't just
like dive in and start going balls to
the walls immediately. You want to kind
of use time to just kind of be able to
um you know, making sure that you're
warming numbers up just like you would
with an email. Also, like making sure
that you're not overdialing with a
single number or like calling too
aggressively in a short period of time.
Register your number with a trusted
database. Also, the free call registry
is a fantastic thing. It works quite
well. This actually works a lot better
than most like remediation services. I
would say uh fallback options like have
SMS, have email. So have multi-
channelannel things going on because
it's going to be very beneficial. And
then if you know the numbers that you're
calling from, then you can have them in
an email or have them in a text and say,
"Hey, I'm calling from this number."
Save it. And then if it's in the
contacts, they're going to it's it's not
going to get screened anyway. And then
have regular audits of which numbers are
being flagged, etc., etc., right? So you
know, my final thoughts are don't panic
over iOS 26. Like I don't think it's the
outbound dialing apocalypse. I I just
don't see any data to support that it
would be. Nor do I think it would be
beneficial for any of the companies
involved to totally alienate themselves
from the businesses that are the
lifeblood of the economy. So I think
that's a good idea. I think the people
who win are going to be the people who
adapt to this quickly and who start to
realize there is an opportunity here.
It's not just all doom and
gloom. I think that if you are on a
dialer that has low out ofstation
scoring and I think especially if you're
using local presence dialing I think
you're going to be in serious trouble
because that is like the lowest form of
like call quality and I I have a feeling
that at some point either now or in the
future those are going to be
automatically like at a station level C
automatically sent out right and they
will be screened and there's nothing you
can do about it because you're a ship
using a ship system but um yeah I'm
going to keep digging into the numbers
but overall Well, man, I don't think
that there's any need to panic.
