Hey guys, what's up? Matt here. I'm
going to be going over the 8week course
that I put together, uh, which is going
to be another banger. So, it is the next
installment in the specialty. If you're
already a member, then you're going to
get it as long as you're level two or
above. So, uh, in order to get this, you
have to join my YouTube membership in
level two or above. So, that's 149 a
month. It's all through YouTube. Stay as
long as you'd like. Um, it's going to be
the high ticket sales course. It'll be
applicable to lots of different types of
selling, but it's bent towards that high
ticket kind of more like uh you know
direct response marketing type stuff.
So, it's a course written by an adult
that has sold more than one thing
written for other adults. If you're a
child, do not apply. If if you're a
douchebag, do not apply. Okay? So, it's
149 per month for the two months. You
get old level two perks, which is like
the 18 to 20 coaching sessions per week.
Plus, we're going to be doing two weekly
on this thing, which is at 5:00 p. a.m.
Eastern EST starting on the 23rd. Um,
we're going to go through uh here's my
sales tracking sheet, which is pretty
awesome. I think um that I've been using
for a while. We're also going to be
going through like a daily pipeline like
goes through your your sort of uh your
weekly goals, your pipeline,
uh your objection log because we track
objections. And then you've got your
follow-up cadences, stuff like that for
you to put in your prompts. So, you can
have AI do some of it for you. got a
closer playbook that I put together. So,
this is a nice like sort of breaks down
selling and then from there goes through
like different call cadences, um
different follow-up cadences, targets,
how to set your weekly rhythms to be
super successful. This is a good one
that I've been giving out to people that
work for me, which is like this is the
um inbound show rate tracker, which is a
really good one because a lot of people
don't track this, which is dumb. And
then we got an outbound pickup rate uh
tracker as well, which is another good
one. and just basically like tips on how
to do all kinds of stuff. Uh then from
there, we're going to be going over like
a nice in-depth kind of goal setting
that I've been doing with people for a
while who've worked for me so you can
set your own KPIs and EODs so you can
make tons of money. And then we have a
nice fat script template. Basically says
this is exactly how you write a script,
all the information that you need. And
then it has a template of exactly how
you can write your scripts. Okie dokie.
And then you get your Matt Ryder AI bot,
what you can actually call it.
>> Hi, I'm Matt's digital mind. How can I
help?
>> Hey, mate. Um, just wanted you to uh
help me with a think about it objection.
>> All right, listen up. That I need to
think about it it's never
really about thinking. It's a dodge, a
knee-jerk reaction hiding some kind of
real concern that you haven't uncovered
yet.
>> Cool. We'll see you get that too, right?
Week one. Okay, we're going to be going
through how to be a long-term closer,
goal setting, granular. Uh we're going
to be building out like your operating
system, so exactly how you work. Then
we're going to be going through some
objections. We're going to go through
more advanced objections. We're going to
be going through,
we're going to be going over pipeline,
basically how to find hidden money, how
to farm a CRM, uh converting the
pipeline, advanced role playing, you
know, stuff like that. Um, and then
basically becoming an absolute savage,
and we'll be doing role play throughout
the entirety of it. Um, and script
building will be in week one and week
two, right? Week two. Um, so yeah,
that's it. Uh if you want to join it,
you go to YouTube. Okay. Uh depending on
what you're seeing, you can go here.
Okay.
>> Video. I'm going to tell you about the
crazy.
>> All right. And you can join. This is
Aussie. Okay. So, you need to join level
two. It's 149 USD or 199 AUD. Okay. And
then from there, you can see all the
perks. You can join level three if you
want as well. Um you can do whatever you
like, but that's how you do it. There's
also a join button on mobile, but yeah,
that's where it is. And then you get
access to like tons more content.
Uh, plus also a Telegram group. So, we
can go through here and we can see the
playlists,
right? And the playlists like the
members playlists,
right? There is an awful lot of content.
Uh, yeah. So all of these, remember
level one, two, three, four, 10 videos,
three videos, 15 videos, 35 videos,
right? Lots and lots of content. And I'm
uploading new stuff all the time. So
there you go, guys. That's how it works.
