Hey guys, Matt here. This video is going to be about uh how to build rapport, the reasons why I want to build rapport, going through setting the agenda for the call, and then just figuring out how we're going to structure the beginning of that call uh to be able to transition to, you know, getting a goal and really understanding why the person is there.
All right. So, as you can see here, the point is to have the prospect relax and to set an agenda for the call. What I mean by setting an agenda is sort of explaining what the outcome or the purpose of the call is. We don't want to apply sales pressure by saying the point of this call is to sign you up to a program or saying the point of this call is to have you make a decision.
We don't really want to use that tactic because that's way too early in the process to start to induce um sales pressure. Um, so we're going to start with questions about their life, have a little bit of laugh for them. I don't I don't really want to build too much rapport. Um, but there's there there's definitely like a good amount to build.
Um, and how we determine that, I suppose, is going to be based on the individual. I like to be able to push people hard. And I think the less rapport you have with them, the more sort of professional barrier there is, the easier that that is to do. Um, so things like how is your day? You know, if they have kids, tell me about them.
How many you got? Like be genuinely interested in their life. If people think that you're generally interested and people only want to talk about you. I mean, they only want to talk about themselves. They don't want to talk about you. So, don't ever bring yourself up. Just ask them questions. You're here for them. It's about them. The call is, you know, 100% to do with them.
Uh, the you part of it is like two minutes at the end. Um, so there's no need to go into that. Uh, one of the best ways is sort of like, so what is it that that sparked your interest? Um, you know, tell me about your weight loss journey. what is it that sparked your interest about, you know, the ad that you opted in for? Um, and and you know, sometimes people are going to go, well, I just want to find out like what you can do for me.
And that's when we're going to do things like neutral languaging to try and get them back on track, like well, you know, would it be appropriate this time if I could just ask you a few questions about yourself? And just just stuff like that, which we're going to go into in some of the more instances videos about deflection. Um, but really the whole point of the initial rapport building phase is just to get a little bit of relationship, just disarm the person a little bit.
You don't want to sound sly. You don't want to hop on the phone and be like, "Hey, this is Ryan from, you know, like it's like don't be that guy." Just be nice and calm and casual. Hey, this is Matt from blah blah blah fitness. Uh, just giving you a call because, you know, you opted in for for this lead magnet.
Um, what is it that sparked your interest? Like, how can we help you right now? And then it's real casual. And then just start to understand. And then once you sort of get into it, be like, "All right, cool." Um, so like the point of today's call, I guess, is just to find out if there's potential for us to be able to help you.
Um, if I think that, you know, we can or sort of maybe walk you through how that would work. Um, you know, but at this stage, I think it'd be appropriate to find out a little bit more about you. Would you be open to that right now? And then they're going to go, "Yeah." And you go, "Sweet. So tell me a little bit about yourself.
Why are you here? What do you want?" And then we're going to go into the sort of more more like getting the goal. But it's important that you you stay neutral in eternality, right? and sorry and stay neutral in your verbiage. And like what I mean by that is not saying things like like why do you need help or why do you need to lose weight or those really definite things you want to say is like like well potentially what sort of you know what is it that what what challenges are you having if any that you may need help for right now you know
so it's all about keeping very very neutral those little subtle changes um are what allows someone to open up and not feel that pressure of having to make decisions and having to buy because you're too early in the phase to apply that stuff. And if you do, they're just going to start to pull back. And once someone pulls back early, it's very difficult to get them back in.
So, you know, sum up, it's a very simple stage of the call. It's just about making someone feel good, relax, setting in a bit of an agenda, using those neutral words, um, and then, um, asking the person why they like why they're here. And then from there, you're going to transition that into getting a goal, which is what the next video will be on.
