So on my way to the US, I'm in the international business land because I'm an international businessman. And and this is going to be a crazy trip. All right. So, this trip is a like dollar sales, but the way that it usually works is that I just kind of like go out and about and I like sell the [ __ ] right? So, Frankie does the sales dayto-day and then I go out and do the big pushes.
So, kind of core Gordon's event that's in Vermont. It's at this like really boutique ski shalet in Vermont, which I'm going to, which is going to be cool. So, I've got my snowboarding gear with me, which is going to be fun. And those events are always awesome. If you're looking for like a good business coaching program, that's by far the best one.
So, we're doing that for like four or five days. I'm also doing a podcast with Cole. He's also a business partner on Dialer. So, we're going to be checking that out. Then from there, I'm heading down to Cardone headquarters. So, Cardone is a client of Dialer and so I'm going to be going there because we're looking at potentially expanding to some other of their product lines.
We're in Cardone Ventures. We're looking at getting into some of the other ones because their experience has been really good so far. We're sort of adding more things to that. Then from there, I'm heading off to go hang out with Taylor Welch. He's a friend, so we're just kind of going to hang out, maybe do a podcast together.
And then I'm meeting with Edward Strengs as well, who's got some really cool stuff and helps us out with some sort of side development stuff for Dialer. and then heading back over to Arizona to speak at Andy Elliot's event. Then heading over to Pace Morby's event in Denver. Then I'm going home. So, this is a pretty crazy trip.
The plan is to sort of let some of our larger clients know like what's coming with Dialer and then go there and just kind of spread the word and get a whole bunch of interest. We have a new AIS SMS agent coming out. We also have a pretty cool payment thing coming out, which I won't go too far into because it's going to take a little bit of time to finish the development of it, but it's pretty gamechanging.
and yeah, just kind of like build the hype, do some team training for people and yeah, just overall kind of build dollar up. So, I do hate business trips. I hate doing this [ __ ] but like it's just kind of part for the job. This is a long one. This is like 15 days, 14 days, which is like the longest I've done in a while. I hate being away from the kids that long.
But yeah, I'm going to try and vlog the whole thing. Probably won't do that gay thing where you're like kind of walking away from the camera all the time. But yeah, right now waiting for my waiting for my flight. So, here we come. We're landing in about 30 minutes in Dallas. So, this is like a 15-hour flight, so there's pretty good visas.
So I got to go from like here to Washington and Washington to Albany. But it looks like a pretty sketchy island because there's [ __ ] blizzards all on pieces. So let's see how we go. Thought about reading these. Then I realized I wasn't [ __ ] gay. Hey, look. They made a book about making sage. That's crazy. A whole book.
>> It's cold as [ __ ] It's -10. [ __ ] All righty. So, it is I think it's 2:30 in the morning. Um, it took me like 30 odd hours to get here. There was tons of delays because of weather and stuff like that. I've only slept like maybe 3 hours. I'll probably try and only sleep for like it's 2:40.
I'll probably try and wake up at 7:00, go to the gym, and then have breakfast and then I'll like be good to go. Otherwise, I'll end up [ __ ] myself up. But um this place is cool as [ __ ] though. Like snowing, which is weird because I've just been in the summer in Sydney and then boom, now it's -10°.
So, I've also never done a full vlog before. Let me know what you think. I travel a lot for work. It's usually like six times a year, but I'm only going to do like three or four this year. Um because it's [ __ ] annoying. So, let me know if you like it. Well, I went to bed around 4 or 3:30. Spoke to the kids. It's like 7 7:30 cuz I wanted to get up early so I didn't like end up sleeping in too much and get my time zones all [ __ ] up.
But check this [ __ ] out. It is snowing like a [ __ ] It's got that snowing like crazy smell. So, I grew up in Oregon where it snows a lot. But, uh, it is dumping fresh powder. Any I'm going to get dressed, go and have some breakfast. And, uh, I'll take you with me cuz apparently I'm a [ __ ] vlogger now. Terrible. All right, so here we are.
Event hasn't started yet. This is pretty crazy. It is absolutely dumping down snow. >> There's this big black [ __ ] I'm trying to find somewhere to shoot ads, but it's difficult because ads is a different type of content. So, you can't just kind of do it anywhere like this. Maybe you can. Maybe I'll tried. Maybe. I don't know.
[ __ ] Do I know? I can only imagine the crazy white people money that's being managed here. That's like Epstein money right there. Look at that big beautiful church. All righty, guys. So, I just shot a bunch of ads in the freezing cold. I decided to do ads outside in the freezing for solar. So, I thought that'd be funny.
If you've re if you've rewritten your It might crash and burn. It might have been a really stupid idea, but whatever. I thought it was funny and it was like anti- colding stuff. So, I figured like being in the freezing cold made a lot of sense to me. Um, yeah, people have started arriving, which is fun.
So, hopefully I can start uh mingling and moving and grooving with people. Um, but yeah, it's been fun so far. We'll figure it out. >> In two point this I call this one the loop. >> Sis light went on at all. That that actually >> eager. Can jet fuel melt steel? >> It cannot. >> It cannot. >> It's been confirmed. >> Can jet fuel melt steel? >> It cannot.
>> I don't think so. >> Okay. All right, it's confirmed. >> It's confirmed. >> It's confirmed. We are on our way up to the We're on our way up to a mountain. >> Uh we're going to go like toboggoning or whatever it's called and then we're going to have some dinner on the mountain top. I just woke up. I'm jetlagged as [ __ ] but we're going for it. All right.
So, end of day one of the actual event. We're we're up here on the mountain. We're doing some inner tubing and then we're having dinner on the mountain. It's a little surprise one. So, this should be fun. But uh I was absolutely wrecked. I had like a hour and a half nap. But the cold weather and a whole bunch of 911 jokes on the bus have helped out me and the 69 guy Eigor.
But we're going to do some tubing which should be fun. Looking forward to it. We got a bonafide influencer over here. >> It's the influencer awards. >> I got a bigger one. Well, Doc >> Doc influencing. >> I don't remember last time I did this. This should be fun. >> Two three. Oh [ __ ] >> That didn't work out at all.
>> It's actually pretty unpleasant. You can scale really fast if you can sell. >> Okay, so it's it's Friday today. Just about to do a podcast with Cole Gordon. A lot of people went snowboarding and stuff like that today, but I'm not doing that. I'm doing that tomorrow. But yeah, met some really cool people.
Met a guy named Bobby did like a nine figure exit and got some really interesting and unique insight on like the exit and how he kind of did it and some of the pitfalls and things that he regrets, things that went really well. He also has a really cool business and I connected him with Dean Kazora to like help him put out a sales team for some stuff that he's doing.
So like like that was cool. But yeah, these are always really good events for like networking. We got Ryan Ryan Clog over there. So we had a chat so last night. So that was good. Just meeting lots of people. I'm about to do a podcast with Cole, which should be fun. I've never done a podcast with Co.
Not like a not like a big proper one. We've been on done like little things before, but this should be really fun. These are great events. You just get to learn a ton, speak to people, you know, network. Um Sam's here, but we signed up so many people over the last sort of week that he's just back to back on on boarding calls. So, um yeah, it's quite funny.
But enjoying myself so far. I was absolutely [ __ ] rooted tired this morning. Yeah, overall everything's going really well. I'm enjoying myself. Yeah, so far well All right, just finished the podcast with Cole. So, it went really well. It was like two and a half hours and it's going to be a [ __ ] slapper.
I can tell you that right now. At the end of it, we called each other and I was like, "Fuck, that was good." Yeah, it was a lot of fun. We went like super deep into sales. If it's out, I'll put a link down below. But yeah, go check out Cole's channel. It's really good. His podcasts are really good.
He's doing like in person supernatural flowy stuff like that. I'm pretty [ __ ] tired though. I got to be honest, like this one is hitting me a lot harder than most times. Or maybe I just forget how hard it hits me every time, but who knows? But the rest of the day is like um I should have [ __ ] showered to try and wake myself up a bit and then I'm going to go down to where they're doing stuff and uh listen to some of the people speak, take some notes, and then from there um there's some festivities tonight and then tomorrow. It's like half a day. I'm
speaking tomorrow and then it's uh off doing some snowboarding and then I go to Arizona. So, should be fun. All right. First run in a long time. So take it easy. All right, it's going to be my last run.
I think it's been really good. I got pretty tired and you know, it's kind of a it's a really wide mountain, right? So, but uh yeah, it's been a lot of fun. I [ __ ] I love snowboarding. rotate all the time. So >> the dialer sponsored ice sculpting dick may compension to the flight attendants luggage and personal article should be start.
>> All right, so it's um just got into Phoenix. Tomorrow I've got Cardone. It's like 2:00 in the morning, uh, Phoenix time, which makes it like 4:00 in the morning, uh, Vermont time where I just was. The flights are all fine. They're good to go. We have Cardone tomorrow or today technically. Yeah, man.
This is a rough trip. I'm [ __ ] tired. But anyway, off to sleep now and then I'm going to wake up, go to the gym, and try and have a little bit of normality tomorrow before I go over to Cardone's office. All righty. It is about 7 o'clock. Um, I slept pretty pretty weird actually. I actually had like a very strange dream, but anyway.
But yes, we're just going to go down trying to find some food, trying to find a gym. So, sleep is not required on this trip. Today, I've got Cardone. So, at Cardone headquarters all day, we're going to be going over and trying to upsell them, but also we're doing some manager training and stuff like that to teach him how to use dollar better.
So, uh, should be a good one. Sam Gr is here as well, which is good. I [ __ ] hate Scottsdale though. I do not like this city, this town. This is terrible lighting. Anyway, I don't like it at all. So, uh I'm going to be in and out. I do have to buy a new computer because my computer was [ __ ] stolen by the people at the Albany airport.
I'm like sitting there and I left my uh computer on the plane just cuz I was like we land at like midnight. I was [ __ ] tired. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My fault. My fault. So anyway, my assistant Beth, who's a savage, she's like getting in touch with everybody running around like and like no reply to [ __ ] We filled out all the appropriate paperwork and then I've got the Find My app, right? And uh I was like, "Yeah, sweet. It's at the airport.
So when I go there, when I leave, I'll go there and I'll just pick it up." Anyway, I'm in the [ __ ] room where it is, right? I'm in the room where the thing is. I can see it. And I'm like, "Hey, my computer's here." Like, "No, it's not." And I was like, "Oh, it's for sure here. Look, I can see it." And I was like showing them.
They just like militantly No, it's not. And they just [ __ ] stole my computer. It was [ __ ] weird, man. Anyway, this is the good thing about uh Phoenix is that it is the middle of winter and like I'd happily go in that pool right now. So, yeah. Anyway, time to have some food. Well, this is a shitty gym. I brought my little travel guitar.
It's called the Traveler, which for Australians will know that's the name of an erection while you're in the car. But anyway, this is made by an American company. And then I have a Neo Spark one. This thing's red, right? So, uh, this is the little amp. Just goes straight in passive passive pickups and then it just, uh, they just meet up.
Cool thing is with a guitar this small, you can actually feel whether it's in tune. You can physically feel it. All right. Anyway, that's good enough for today, man. Everyone and every [ __ ] man in his dog is building an AI agency right now. It's the uh it's the Amazon FBA of of now. So, I'm here at Near Reach Education's waiting for them to let me in.
That guy behind me is just having a complete and total [ __ ] meltdown about how much he hates his life. He just sounds like a little [ __ ] I got to be honest. A lot of time with this stuff, like showing face is just good to go. You know what I mean? Like it just kind of keeps you in the forefront of clients, especially like larger clients and potential larger clients.
It's like near just got up to 90 reps. They got like 15 of them. So, you see what we can do to get them all hyped up on that dude rolled up. Nick Fisher, if you're watching this, I'll sell you anytime, anywhere, sir. >> Just today. >> Yeah, dude. I'm at Cardone's office after this and then I'm going home. >> So, Keeley is Josiah and Hunter Ryan's other venture all around Wilson real estate.
>> That makes sense. >> Yep. So, that's that and then obviously you have here. >> Good stuff. We have a little lounge here. >> Check out. Let's see. >> Show the Mac Mini stuff. >> Have you heard of You've heard of all that open claw stuff? >> Yeah. Yeah, >> we ordered 550 Mac minis. >> Oh, no way. >> So, we have What do we have right now? Six. We have eight.
>> So, pretty soon we'll have >> That's got to be a Nick Fisher initiative. >> It is Nick, but it's also Nathan, our CTO. >> So, >> dude, we literally ordered three pallets. >> That's crazy, man. >> All right. Cardon headquarters. This is a different one than the one I thought it was. But yeah, so here we are.
I'm like booked out with meetings with them. Like I think it's the next three and a half hours. So it should be fun. I think I'm doing a team training for them and doing a couple of things. But should be good. It's like a very Arizona building. So uh yeah, New Reach was fun. Those guys are funny. It's a really cool office as well. Um but I just kind of hung out with Joe.
They got me lunch. American offices are so interesting cuz like there's so many snacks and [ __ ] everywhere. It's uh yeah, it's always fun. You don't get that in Australia. That's not a thing. Um but yeah, anyway, heading in now. Nashville. All right, kids. So, we are in um we're in Nashville and this is city. This is weird.
Hey, life finds a way. No. Okay. >> I'm a male prostitute. >> There we go. It's less like a porno. All right. So, I'm in Nashville. Um, here to see Ed Stranks, Taylor Welch, and the Gibson Gibson HQ cuz that's cool. Why not, right? Um, and I'm staying at a place called I think it's the Hermitage Hotel. I think it's super fancy.
I'll I'll insert some B-roll now. You better not have just left me there. Post, you son of a [ __ ] Aiden. Now, but yeah. Okay, so this is city number three and uh sleep has not been great. I'm going to be perfectly honest. This has been a absolute rough one. I actually just ended up cutting away Denver um because I'm just [ __ ] tired and I want to go home to my kids even though I haven't been going very long.
I just I just like don't need to go so I'm not going to go. But um so far like here's a synopsis of like some of I guess the the business side of things. And it's funny because like it's like from an event standpoint like I do very well at events because I speak well and I'm good at networking stuff like that.
So um I'll sort of work backwards but went to Cardone yesterday and uh which was fantastic. So they had me backtoback in meetings for like four hours when I got there. The first was with management like senior management. Um and uh so I was with RevOps and then that was really good cuz we got a kind of a chance to just like nut out how they're using dialer some of the uh things that they need fixed some of the things that are working really well and then we got to kind of optimize stuff.
The next one was with um was with like the sales director um and RevOps as well and that was good u because we went over like data and how they can better optimize and that's kind of where they sort of figured out that I had a pretty good idea on sales and sales management. Um and it was it's quite interesting.
they're like extremely competent, but obviously I'm like a little bit older, so 40 nearly 42 and um I've run a lot of stuff, right? And so, uh it was quite interesting to sort of go in there and they not really know me very well and then like by the end of it um have established a very good rapport, but also like I think established enough authority to be able to be like, "No, this is the real problem.
" And then actually like listen to me, which was which was really good. And then I did about an hour, hour and a half with their sales team and um which which was really good actually. um just went over like how to be a savage rep and it sort of started off with doing a spiel on dialer getting them to understand I guess like the thesis behind it, how it works and just kind of like pitch them on using it long term and how it works and why it works and some of the things that they might consider, you know, flaws to be features like sometimes there's no lead lead
queued up for a few minutes and it's like yes, it's because you're out of compliant dial so we're stopping you from breaking the law and making sure your numbers stay healthy, etc., etc. That was really good. And then from there it was like, "Hey, listen guys, I've made seven figures as a sales rep. Like this is how this is how you do it.
" And um it was good. Like by the end of it, they were all asking questions. The managers were asking questions. I got hit up for tons of one-on-one, which like I'm not doing, but um and yeah, it was a I think a really really positive thing. And sort of was the ability to sort of go like, "Hey guys, I really know what the [ __ ] I'm talking about.
" So when I say like this is the real problem that you need to be looking at now I think like even more than before I'll have a much better standing with getting that over the line and then also progressing further through that company because we're in one of their larger divisions but I want to get through all of them.
So that's kind of what we're doing. Then from there uh went out to New Reach Education because their largest brand uses dialer and just sort of went through uh strategies that they can optimize and sort of worked with the the the managers there just to be like hey guys like this is what you should be doing. Um which is good.
Uh I'm going back to Scottsdale to speak at Andy Elliot's event which which I think will be a lot of fun because his events are always a lot of fun and I'll probably hang out with Cole as well just cuz we're friends and we're business partners so might as well hang out. Yeah, the the event itself, so Cole's events are fantastic.
Like, they're extremely well organized. They're very very well done. Um, I've said this already, but it's the best business coaching program that I've been a part of or seen or encountered, uh, in terms of just like what you get and how it's all done. Their account management team is awesome. Headed up by Yigor, which is, uh, the 69 guy.
That whole team of account managers is a group of savages. like I I trained a lot of them at sales sniper and you know uh other things that I've been a part of but like they're just really good at what they do and they're a lot of fun and they're like really really supportive of dialer uh and they're really supportive of me.
So I spoke I did about a 15-minute uh speaking gig. I basically went over like this is the five things that I've learned seeing around 10 million dials, right? So just tried to give him tons of value. I'm doing a much longer talk later on the year in Scotland and so um I just kind of wanted to to bang something out.
Did a lot of networking sort of one of one of the points of going there was secure some sort of partnership contracts with like Aaron Platt and Charlie AI. Um and then you know a couple business like Warrior Babe and a few other ones uh professional builder that we were looking to sort of um secure onto the platform. So we did that.
That's all good. uh signed about 10 10 accounts in a day which is solid. I sent a lot of um people over to Frankie and Sam to run sales and we got a chance to speak to some clients there. Some were having issues right that we got had a chance to fix up and then some um that we just got a chance to like high-five with and like tell them that like they're welcome for the amazing platform that they get to be on which is Dalek. Yeah.
And then got a chance to do a podcast with uh Cole that went for like two and a half hours. Like it was a very good podcast. A lot of fun. Uh, and if it's out by the time this comes out, which I'm not sure it will be, but if it is, then it'll be linked down the description below. If not, then head over to Cole Gordon's if you're watching this sometime in the future.
So, it's been it's been a full-on trip so far, but it's been it's been good. It's been enjoyable. Got a chance to sort of hang out with Sam Granier, the onearmed the or the onelegged bandit, I should say. And now what I'm going to do is go downstairs and uh get some food and then go and try and find a reason to buy a guitar. The wife will not be happy if I buy a guitar.
So if I bought a guitar, I'm not going to buy a guitar. I'm probably going to buy a guitar. We're in Gibson headquarters. I mean, it'd be rude not to, but anyway. So I'm going to do that. I'll see you guys soon. So, here we are walking down downtown Nash and walking to the Gibson headquarters cuz I want to have a look at the Gibson Garage. So, that should be pretty fun.
>> It's got that line of track. >> I'm looking forward to it. Well, we are at Gibson Garage. This is like Gibson is made here. So, this is the headquarters. At least we know Gibson's still doing well. >> These are all the vintage guitars. How much is this bad boy going for? 15 Garando. They had a couple out there for like 25.
Look at this thing. Woo. Yo, double ender. What a crazy shop. They're all Gibson SGS. Look at that bad boy. Hey, this they got a whole revolving freckling door of All right. Well, that was probably the coolest [ __ ] store I've ever been in. They had pretty much everything like I say everything Gibson, but it was very cool to see cuz Gibson's like obviously Nashville's the the home of Gibson.
So, you can actually go to the factory here, I'm pretty sure. There's a city. There's a little town called Gibson. So, took every ounce of me to not buy a guitar. I didn't buy a guitar because I only just bought a guitar and I bought a very nice guitar. So, just cuz you have the money to do things doesn't mean you should.
That makes [ __ ] stupid and wasteful. That's how you stop liking stuff. When you just buy stuff every time you want it, that's when you um just kind of stop enjoying. So, that was very cool. What I'm going to do now is go to that little like classic downtown Nashville area. Nashville is [ __ ] nice, man. Like usually the usually the downtowns in the US just feel sketchy as [ __ ] but this place just seems nice.
Barbecue honkaton. this guy an Apple store, obviously. And here it is. All right, I might have to stop in here and get some stupid merchy [ __ ] for the kids. They don't need anything fancy. They just need lots of stupid [ __ ] Hell yeah, boy. All righty. So, I'm driving out to Taylor Welch's church.
He's not going there tonight, but I'm meeting my friend Ed there. So, uh it should be pretty good. I'm pretty excited about it. I think it's like a big like very musical church. So, um I won't say what it is so you guys don't storm it trying to find and ask Taylor questions about how to get better at sales and business.
But Taylor and um and Ed were actually like a a big part of me. coming back to Jesus and the church and that kind of stuff. Um, especially Ed Ed Strang. I've tal talked about it before, but you know, he was very kind in the way that he um just always was there to lend an ear and answer questions and because I was extremely skeptical because I sort of grew up going to church but not really understanding it.
Um, not really being like spoken to about it too much. It was just very kind of like just a thing that was being done. was not really, I guess, impactful, I'll say. Um, but now as an adult, sort of coming back and understanding it a lot more and going very deep into the uh like historical side of things, watching guys like Wes Huff and and all that kind of stuff, like it was a um you know, it was uh it was quite powerful and transformative.
So, uh but I'm going to put this down because I don't want to die. um and go the wrong way. So yes, >> make up your spirit. >> All right, so just just finished at um church. It was incredible. Uh I've I've never been to a church like that before. like non-denominational incredible band. The pastor is Australian which is super cool.
I know I recognize the accent stratawite but very very powerful like I've never been around that many people kind of like you know hands raid praising Jesus before and it was like uh it was just you get that feeling you know that kind of warm hot holy spirit feeling. I'm going to go to bed now. Tomorrow I am going to Taylor's house with Ed Stranks, who's owner of the moderate genius, who we did a podcast, which we'll link down below, who's a great guy.
And I don't know what we're going to do, but we'll find out. Good night. All right, Kayy Winks. Great night's sleep. I feel like I'm finally adjusted, which probably means that it's almost time to go home, but it's not. I've got a few more days left. Getting out of here. Driving down. Going to go pick up Driving from Nashville to Franklin.
Uh, gonna go pick up Mr. Strengs, chat about Eversend, our new AI SMS, which is coming out for Dialer, which is fun. So, if you're a Dialer client, uh, it's definitely out now. So, it's uh, just kind of helps re-engage and reinvigorate your list to get them back into Dialer so that you can uh, speak to more people.
Then from there, going to go down to old Mr. to Walter's house and chill out, have some fun, probably talk about giants, the Nephilim, the floods, and all kinds of crazy fun stuff like that. And uh yeah, I Look at that crazy B-roll. Yeah, I'm going to try and vlog the whole thing. Probably won't do that gay thing where you're like kind of walking away from the camera all the time.
But goodbye Hermitage Hotel. It's funny, right? when I travel, like I do stay at nice hotels, but like I'm not super prissy about it or anything like that. My assistant Beth, she's a [ __ ] savage. Shout out to Beth. If she watches, she might be one of the three women that actually watch my my stuff. Although in the school group, which if you're someone who um who wants to learn sales and is sick of paying [ __ ] [ __ ] gurus $10,000 who are 18 years old and who suck at sales or who are [ __ ] 60 years old and had them sold
in 25 years, but want to learn about someone who's actively selling and really knows their [ __ ] then there's a 7-day free trial just like 25 sessions a week with coaches that are all vetted by me. And it's like uh between 69 and uh $199 a month. And there's a massive portal all broken up.
I'm sure Aidan can put over some overlays now. It's the dopest sales training. It's uh it's single-handedly causing um sales reps uh sorry, sales coaches to get back into sales, which is great because they can't sustain their [ __ ] shitty businesses. So, they're all retiring and uh going off into the sunset because at the end of the day, I allowed them to have a sales training business.
And when they started getting uppy, I had to let them know that daddy's [ __ ] home. You know what I mean? Uh, so yeah. And I got a cease and desist that pissed me off. So I was like, "Fuck everyone. I'm going to make the world's most greatest sales training program." And when, mark my words, when I sell Dialer, I'm going to make that sales training like 69 cents a month.
Mark my word. And I'm going to [ __ ] ruin the whole industry for the memes. I mean that. So, if you're a sales coach in the next three years, you're [ __ ] You want to have a business. 69 cents a month. I might even pay the first thousand people 10 bucks a month to join because if I sell for what I think I'm going to sell for, I ain't going to need the money.
Going back to what I was saying is um I haven't driven a car like this in a very long time. Sounds like I'm a little bit out of touch, but I am. And thank God for that. But driving a [ __ ] Corolla, I think, or Camry, it's very [ __ ] different. Uh, it doesn't do [ __ ] for you. It doesn't connect very easily. And, uh, I [ __ ] nicer cars are nicer.
I think like spending crazy money in a car is full [ __ ] Um, unless you love cars, then [ __ ] do what you want. But if you can't afford it and you're like like leasing a Lambo because you want to look rich, you're absolute [ __ ] idiot. You know, the amount of people, this is something that I've learned over the years and I'm just talking [ __ ] right now.
Is like there are so many people that will like ruin their w ruin their wives. Yeah. Ruin their lives to look rich, right? like they'll go into crazy amounts of like insurmountable debt to look rich, which is just crazy. Like um real talk here for a minute. Like when I first started to make money, I sort of started to go down that path.
Like I think it was a lot more subtle. Or maybe I'm just cope. Maybe that's cope. Maybe it wasn't subtle. I did buy a [ __ ] sports card or Louis Vuitton shoes. So I was part of the problem. I get it. Um, but I don't think it I I figured it out pretty quick. I think when when you struggle for a long time, I get it.
And I think like new rich is a thing, right? When you struggle for a long time, you want people to know that you're not struggling anymore. But like, and so I I I don't uh I don't begrudge anyone that, right? And I I've seen that. I think like fine, get out of your system. But by by all means, if you're watching this, get it out of your system.
Like I've watched people who are close to me destroy their lives to try and look wealthy and like it's funny cuz the wealthiest people I know don't look wealthy like um you said that a lot and again I don't have there's nothing against like wearing you know nice things or designer things but I think like when it becomes like oh people will you know if that little voice in your head is like people will people will know now I'll be enough now you know you're driving [ __ ] cars that like you just really can't afford and like you're putting yourselves in positions that are less
than ideal. Like some of the business coaches out there just like get a Lambo because then you'll be forced. It's like that's so [ __ ] stupid. It's like the funny thing is you do not make good financial or business decisions if you require the money from the business, right? Like you just don't.
And I and I and I learned this and it was like in order to become a really good business owner, you have to become financially independently wealthy of the business itself. And that's what allows you to have a like a 30,000 ft view of the business and unemotionally make the right decision for the business at the time.
And that right decision might be to scale back, to scale up, to not take any money yourself at all for 6 to 12, 18, 24 months even, right? And if like but if you can see that and you can look at it unapologetically unemotionally and and then go like this is the right idea, this is the right move. But if you you cannot do that if you're like yeah but how am I going to eat? So then basically you just have like the employee mindset all of the time because like employees for the most part are going to do what's in their best interest. I coach a guy
called Josh Humphre and he's probably watching this cuz he watches my YouTube. you know, when when we first started watching together, first of all, he's like one of the best reps I've ever trained by Country Mile and he's a really good business owner and you know, he really wanted to scale up and my advice was like, I don't I don't think that works, man. Like that.
And he he tried it, you know what I mean? And then sort of realized like, oh, like there's a there's a point of this particular business where it just kind of stops making sense financially and and he started taking less profit out and it's like what is what is the point of that? and and so um he figured it out and figured out the optimal size to have his business and then doesn't have the scale bug and is making more money you know because of it because he's taking home like with Dialer for example like we're not really concerned obviously
profit is nice we're not super concerned with it because like me and Declan our primary source of income is not dialer and nor will it ever be in terms of income I think it's going to make us a tremendous oh hello I think it's going going to make us a tremendous amount of money.
But I, you know, and and it might change to where like, you know, it's making so much profit that we just, you know what I mean, like go go go crazy with it. And to be honest, like if I could shut everything down but the school group, I like I I would I don't like need to do everything, but like I'm trying to build my family's wealth. So I do that through my income and then I invest in my managed fund, yada yada yada.
And so like that's that's my my goal cuz my goal is to get to a particular figure and I'm not going to like rely on the sale of dialer for that which is like you have a bad mindset man you should just go all in. No I have [ __ ] kids and I'm not a [ __ ] I'm going to go cuz I I don't want to die on a road. Um but uh yeah anyway I hope that was helpful wisdom.
So long story short if you first start making money fantastic. Let everyone know buy some do. Don't choose do what you want but do it for a very short period of time and know that it's fleeting looking into stupid ultimately the only opinion the only one who can judge you is God right and when you release yourself to that fact you sort of start looking at the world a little bit differently and you start seeing that you know the opinions of men don't matter and you know in your heart whether or not you're doing the right things and whether or not you're a
good person. Anyway, this got way more deep. I thought I was just going to rant about retards dropping noodles, but anyway, there you go. Crisis steak. Bye. All right, just had lunch at Mr. Strengths, which was good. And now I am headed out to play some pickle ball. I think it's a game mini tennis. I'm not really sure what it is, but I am at the hotel. Here it is. It's nice.
Getting by. There he is. Mr. Edward Strengths. Hello. What's up? the content the content guru. We're going to go play pickle ball, which is what people who are too old and unathletic to play tennis play. But I'm going to be too unathletic to play pickle ball, so we'll see. All right, so just going out for a walk.
Going to get some breakfast. [ __ ] my hip snowboarding a little bit and then playing pickle ball tweaked to just old [ __ ] And uh yeah, so I fell asleep last night at like 8:00. Woke up at like 4:35, but I feel great. So I'm just going for a walking to get a coffee and explore little Franklin. So, this is something that I've only just noticed this time coming back to the US.
Like, everything is getting wildly expensive here. And I'm like a wealthy person, right? So, like this was $5.50 for a drip coffee, medium size US, which is like8 $8.50 Australian, which is [ __ ] crazy. Like, like this would be five bucks Aussie. And it didn't seem like that long ago that this was like three or four dollars, right? Like everything is getting crazy expensive.
Like I don't know how the average American is [ __ ] keeping up to be honest. Like if I'm noticing it and I have like plenty of money. I can only imagine people are struggling, right? Who don't have tons of money. They live here and have to pay these [ __ ] prices all the time. It's crazy. But All righty.
So, uh, yeah, it is like 10:30 in the morning after snowboarding. Kind of [ __ ] my hip a little bit and so playing pickle boy yesterday kind of reagravated it just a little bit just cuz I'm old as [ __ ] So, but I've had breakfast. So, had a really good night's sleep. Fell asleep like super early. Woke up.
Uh, I just filmed a whole bunch of short form content. I'm going to shoot a YouTube video later on today. So today I'm just going to try and get a whole bunch of work done because it's kind of funny like when I'm out here doing these trips like I can't get any [ __ ] work done. It's because like I'm in and out of [ __ ] all day.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go down um I just shot a whole bunch of content, wrote a whole bunch. I'm going to shoot a YouTube video later on today. What I'm going to do now is head out to the shops and uh try and find some stuff for the kiddly wings and for the wife and then grab some lunch, come back, shoot the YouTube video, and then uh probably go hang out with Ed or Taylor or something like that later on.
And then uh tomorrow I'm going to sit in on Taylor's podcast, The Deep End, which we'll link down below. It's a crazy podcast. Really spiritual things like seers and demons and all, you know, kind of [ __ ] like that. It's pretty pretty fascinating stuff. So, I'm looking forward to that. Yeah, this is a nice place. This is the Harpath Hotel. The Harpath.
I goeth to the Harpath in Franklinith, but now I'm going to head down to I think it's like one of the richest areas in the entire United States. Um, Franklin's pretty wealthy, but there's a next thing over. There's like a big shopping center there. So, I'm going to go there now. And uh check it out. >> Look at this little neighborhood.
How nice is this? All righty team. So I didn't film yesterday. Just got to the hotel in Scottsdale. It's speaking Andy Elliot's event tomorrow. It's about 11:45 at night. Today was pretty crazy, though. So, I I was there for the taping of The Deep End, which is Taylor Welch's one, and they had Daniel Duval on, and it was crazy. He's an awesome guest.
Super smart guy. Seen and done some crazy [ __ ] with like demonic forces and all kinds of stuff like that. And um basically what he does is he um he helps people who've been a part of like ritualistic sacrifices and stuff like that and torture which is pretty dark like but uh so yeah learned a lot.
It was pretty cool. Half of what we half of what they talked about won't be aired but it was cool to be in the room. It's a huge podcast. If you haven't seen it, check it out. Taylor watched the deep end. And then we went and played some pickle ball. Me and Taylor won obviously. Um, we're actually down 10 to1 and then we came back and won 12 to 10 because we got game like that.
But yeah, hung out with Nashville, hung out with Ed Stranks, had some good food. I really like Nashville. Then from there, just went to the airport. Now I'm here. So tomorrow I'm at Andy Elitz event. So unfortunately I didn't bring my six-pack with me. Yeah, but that'll be fun. I'm actually talking I think directly after Dean Graziosi.
So maybe I'll meet Dean tomorrow. I don't know. I never have. But uh yeah, let's uh let's hope it goes well. And this is the hotel. This is the Adaro. It's actually a super nice hotel. And this will look dope tomorrow, but it sort of looks out over the hills and everything. So yeah, you guys can't see much, but there you go. It's a It's a beautiful spot.
Sick ass pool. There we are. The morning view. So the Elliot Group's office is in Fountain Hills. I think it's called Fountain Lakes Fountain Hills. I don't like Arizona, but this is nice. See you too. See you later. >> So many times and I held it inside it. Thank god I didn't show it to him. >> That's hard. And that's regret.
And that's how most people die. >> Who would just yell out, "What is the biggest problem your ideal client has that you're trying to solve?" >> All righty, kiddly wings. Uh, so just finished the first day of the Andy Elliot event. Tomorrow I actually actually start the process of flying home, which I can't [ __ ] wait to be honest. I'm ready to go home.
So tomorrow evening I fly to San Francisco and then from San Francisco um I fly to Sydney so I get to see my kids, my wife, all that kind of good stuff. Today's event was amazing. Andy crushed it as usual. This is one thing that I will say. If you don't like Andy Elliott, don't meet him because he's a good dude, man.
I I know so many of the people in this like online influencer space. And I like to think I'm like one of the real ones cuz like I'm me. I'm the same person always. So like if you don't like this version of me, you will like the in-person version of me less or the same because it's just the same. But anyway, so Andy came up, crushed it, did his big pitch, crushed it.
They had like a hundred people there. Dean Graciosi spoke. I've never seen Dean speak in person. I've seen like his events online. It was pretty phenomenal. And like as a casual chat, he was talking about marketing, but one of the reasons why it was so good is his ability to like maintain and like do open loops. So, one thing that I'm learning a lot about is that like, you know, being able to retain people long term is in in terms of like whether it's video views or just as an in-person speaker is about being able to like open loops and then
like close them and immediately open new ones. And uh I don't think I'm very good at doing that. I think I'm good at like educating but not like he does this thing where it's like story educate tool. Um and so yeah. Anyway, I thought it was really good and he was just an excellent speaker.
Like watching someone who has been public speaking for, you know, 25 years and at like at a world-class level and [ __ ] nail it, it was like impressive to watch from a just technical standpoint. So, I think I'm a good public speaker. I'm very different to most. I'm quite sarcastic, like lots of comedy, I guess, when I do it. Not that that's really intentional.
It's just sort of how I am. Um, but definitely like if I could, you know, I think I could improve a lot. Let's put it that way. But it was really good. I went over like, you know, sort of an expanded version of what I did at Cole's event, which was like if you're going to dial, like this is what you should do.
These are things you should avoid. Um, and then I just had people come to me if they wanted information about dialer. ended up booking I think like seven calls, six or seven calls uh for uh Frankie, which was cool. And then from there, just got in the mix and then uh my assistant, she's been my assistant for years.
She's part-time these days for me, but she was my assistant full-time when I was C of 7th Level. And she was she's the best. Her name is Beth. If you're watching this, Beth, hello. You're the goat. Um and so I haven't seen her for a while in person. And I just hung out with her and her family. We had a really good time. time. It was a lot of fun.
It was just super chill. It was actually really nice just sort of almost spending like a family night in. Right. It was just It was fun. And now I'm back at the hotel. So that was the day. Oh, I met a guy um Nile from the new Sirant show and cuz I know Ryan uh cuz I've worked with him for a long time and also Sir Sant Ventures is um on boarding on to dollar at the moment. Went out to him, spoke to him.
Really nice guy. Super nice. This has been an interesting trip. I have to say it's been interesting because I'm in Australia. I'm in a bit of a bubble and it's interesting to come to the States. I get such nice welcomes from people, which is like I guess unexpected because like I know that I have a profile and if you're watching this, especially this one, you're probably quite interested in the things that I do, but I kind of assume that no one gives a [ __ ] And it's interesting to me when people do. I don't find it good or bad. I just
think it's interesting to get like to speak directly after Dean Graiosce who's obviously such a [ __ ] OG in the space and just such a just a monstrously successful human being and very good at what they do. It was just an interesting position to be in. And Andy said some really [ __ ] nice things about me and about Dialer.
Overall, good day. And I get to begin the process of going home to see my kiddly wings tomorrow. So, the vlog is probably almost over. Unless I just spit hot fire at some stage on the way home and just nuke it for 20 minutes solid, in which case you're probably only halfway through. You're welcome. But it's time for bed.
All righty. It's the day that I go home, which is awesome. My travel agent, because I have like a specific travel agent guy that books all the flights cuz he gets like much better deals and yada yada, but he didn't book my flight to San Francisco. So, we had to like I literally like had this like epiphany at like midnight and it was just like, "Did you have a flight?" And so I did a group text with him and my assistant Beth and uh turns out no I didn't.
So now I have to fly to Oakland and then take an Uber to SFO. It's not a big deal but it's mildly annoying. Anyway, it's all sorted. So, but today it looks beautiful. Check this [ __ ] out. So, I'm going to go I'm going to get I'm going to get dressed, pack all my [ __ ] go have some breakfast, and then head out to head to the shopping center, then go to the airport.
All right, finally got to San Fran. Now, we're going to have dinner in the United Lounge, which is always really good. They've stepped it up. Not terrible anymore. All right, I'm home. Just got away from my bags now. That was a good flight. Airlines did well. I slept like 8 hours, so I feel good. Going to wait.
Get my stuff now. Go home and see my kids, which should be fantastic. All right, so we're back. Uh, finally back home. It's a beautiful day. I got back, not today, but yesterday. just kind of got home, saw the kids, tried to not do much work, but I ended up doing some. Um, and this is always kind of a chaotic bit for me.
Like, I don't get a ton of day-to-day work done when I'm away and traveling. And so, like, I just kind of end up with a backlog of [ __ ] that I have to do. But overall, it was a really successful trip. Um, I hope you guys like, let me know if you guys like this kind of stuff.
This going to be a longer, more kind of different video. I've never shot a vlog before, so I don't know if it's going to come out as absolute [ __ ] chaos or like congrats to you, Aiden, if you manage to figure it out. I did use Claude to like itemize everything correctly and go into the folders and like get it all labeled properly and segmented and put a shot list together.
So, that was kind of cool. But yeah, this is kind of the final piece. If you like this kind of video, make sure you like, subscribe, hit the notification bell. Let me know down below if you want more of this stuff. I do do a lot of travel. We are going to bring out the renovation video. um because that's pretty much done now.
Like it's been done for a while, but there was a few little bits and pieces here and there that I'm going to shoot probably later on today or tomorrow. But uh yeah, hope you guys uh have a good time and I'll see you on the next
