Sales trainers want to sell you a 17page
framework that's like playing underwater
40 wizards chess. But in reality, the
best sales framework, the one that you
already know and is ingrained in you for
a very long time, was not even invented
by a sales guru. It was invented by a
journalist in like the 1800s. And it's
five very simple questions and words.
It's who, what, when, where, and why.
And in today's video, I'm going to break
down the exact way that you can use that
framework in [music] any sales
environment and just keep it incredibly
simple. So if you like videos that are
not only information based but
implementation based [music] then stick
through to the whole but if you like
videos that are not only information but
also implementation then watch the whole
video. My name is Matt and I have sold
in many different industries. I've been
a sevenigure earner in those industries
as a sales rep and as a business owner.
What I talk about is not only from a
off-hand [music] third party basis. It's
for me selling B2B, B TOC software
sales, selling to enterprise level
companies all over the world [music] and
being very successful at it and trying
to figure out a way to not over
complicate it to where I have a constant
series of questions in my head all of
the time on what I should be saying and
when. So I'm going to break it down for
you really simply in three [music] key
concepts. So quick history lesson uh is
that the who, what, when, where, why is
so ingrained into us because it comes
from newspapers back in the 1800s.
basically news was like the Instagram or
the Twitter of the day. Um, and so
people you there was a lot of
competition for the print space because
as you can imagine there's just only so
much paper they can have in a newspaper.
You guys are fighting over who's going
to be the next hot shot. Huh? And so the
editors came out with a strict rule
where if your story did not answer who,
what, when, where, and why, then it was
not newsworthy. And I believe that we
have gone so far away from this um that
we're over complicating sales to the
point to where it becomes almost a
daunting task of even considering
getting into sales or selling something
new. And the questions that I see from
people are so specific and like
intricate that to me it seems like
people are missing the forest of the
trees. So if we have to hold people's
attention, okay, what I want to do is
figure out a really simple framework.
And in today, I'm going to give you
three key concepts that I want you to
understand as to how we can take who,
what, when, where, and why and adapt it
into any sales environment and why sales
is actually much simpler than what you
might be doing. Now, this is key concept
number one is the who and what. And that
who and what control the call. Okay?
Now, who isn't based on like who is the
prospect? Like that's obviously an
important component, right? [snorts] But
it's really who do they want to become?
Who do they need to be? And this works
for B2B, B TOC because the person um or
the skill sets or whatever processes you
have in place now um something has to
change in order to kind of get that next
outcome. And so you're not like selling
the person on the phone. There's a lot
of things that state like you're selling
the identity of what they're trying to
move forward in. Right? Now that can be
really deep and meaningful if it's more
of like a B toC or some sort of you know
fitness thing and they've been
struggling their whole life in it. Or it
can be quite simple like the management
isn't where it needs to be. We need to
get better management skills. We need to
be better managers. Okay. So um but you
you need to understand the identity or
where that person or business needs to
go in order to be there. So the who is
not who they are, it's who they need to
be. In order for someone to solve a
problem, okay, they they need to act
like the person who's already solved it.
So if I take two people and I take one
person who's morbidly obese and one
person who is a triathlete and I have
some sort of brain switching power and I
swap their brain and so the triathlete
wakes up in the morbidly obese 600lb
body and vice versa. Now that triathlete
brain will immediately start okay doing
triathlete things. Now you are a
triathlete when you decide to be one
right and then it's up to you to to sort
of finish that road. But now that
triathlete in the in the 600lb body is
not going to go for a massive run, a
massive bike, and a massive swim that
day. It's going to go for a small walk.
Next day it's a little bit bigger walk.
And then months later, it's a walk and a
bit of a swim. Then it's a walk and a
swim and a run. And then it's a run and
a swim. And then it's a So over time,
because they're making the decisions as
the triathlete, the body will follow
suit. And the exact same thing will
happen to the person with the brain
inside of the triathlete body. That
person will start making the decisions
as the morbidly obese person. They will
not go to the gym. The body doesn't
force you to do it. The brain does. So
you have to act in accordance with what
you need to be or who you need to be or
where you need to go in order to get
that outcome. I was a special forces
operator. I was a sniper in two
commander regiment. I needed to act as
if I'd already made it. Not from an ego
point of view, but I needed to have that
belief within me to make sure that I
could actually do it. Like I had to
believe I had to act in accordance with
what the people that I saw had achieved
it. If I had a thought process, it was
like, well, what would the person who's
already achieved this do? They would do
this. Okay, cool. I need to act in
accordance with that in order to get the
outcome. Okay, now so that's the who.
Okay, so we're already fair way into it,
right? Then we've got the what. What is
actually what's happening in their world
right now? and what do they want? So, we
have a few what questions? And most
people just keep this very surface
level, but we want to dig a little bit
deeper into it. So, what's working? What
isn't working? Okay, what have they
tried? What do they wish would be
different? And what do they need to do
in order to get the goal? Like, what is
the outcome in which they're searching
for? You can't hit a target that you
can't see. So, the what is incredibly
important. And the order of these don't
really matter. It's not like you have to
do it in a particular order. It's really
about just understanding what key pieces
of information do I need in order to get
a sale. And we're trying to simplify it
as best as possible. So, we know that we
need to know who they are and who they
need to be. And we know we [snorts] need
to know like what they want, what
they're doing about it, what they've
tried, what worked, what didn't work,
right? And what do they wish would be
would happen differently. Okay? So, that
is going to give us a nice aiming point
of like where they want to be, right?
We're going to get a really nice like
what and who is because the next thing
that we're going to do is big concept
number two which is when and where.
These are the things that make the gaps
big and obvious to the prospect. Okay.
We'll go over when first. All right. The
difference between a dream and a goal is
a time frame and a plan. Okay. You you
have to understand this. If somebody
just wants to achieve something, like
like what do you want? You know what I
mean? Oh, I want to lose weight. Well,
when are you going to do that? Oh, like
there's no way that I don't do it. I'm
going to do it no matter what. People
who say, "I'm going to do it no matter
what." Never do anything. It's the same
people as like the new year, new me
crowd. If you really wanted to lose
weight, you'd do it now. If you really
wanted to get better at sales, you'd do
it now, right? Like that's just the way
that it is. No one who ever achieved
anything great ever put it off or
realized that they were putting it off
and then did something about it. Right?
So we have to understand when we say
when it's like we're we're looking for
specific. So one when did the problem
start? When did they realize it was a
problem? Okay. When do they need it
fixed by? And this is going to start to
show the urgency of the situation. Then
from there we can start to actually
really tangibly calculate right like the
the gap because we have where they are
where they want to be right now.
Hopefully what we do is we also bring it
back like where will they be if they
don't implement something because it
could just get worse like if you're
gaining weight or your business is going
backwards or whatever. So the key is we
need a time frame and a plan. If there's
no way to fail it's not a goal. Okay?
You can't have a goal of being a gold
medalist. You have to have a goal of
being a gold medalist at XO Olympics.
Now so that's when. Okay? So we're
looking for tangible time frames. Very
very important. Right? The next thing is
where. Now where is like the future and
the hope. Okay. So, oh, um, like people
don't buy a house, they buy Christmas
morning, right? So, there was a study
done years ago where they dropped a
bunch of rats in water and they timed
how long they would give up before they
drowned. Okay, I don't know the exact
numbers, but it's like the first one was
like 20 minutes or something like that.
So, you know, they were swimming around,
swimming around and drowned. The second
time they did it, they put rats in and
then just before they were about to
drown and give up, they pulled them out,
dried them off, gave them a little bit
of cheese, a little bit of a rub, warmed
them up a bit, then put them back in.
The second time they lasted for like 20
hours. Okay. So, what does that tell us?
Uh, it tells us that hope is the most
like ingrained driving motivator of
anything and anyone. Okay. So that's why
like life without parole, if there's no
chance of getting out of prison, you're
just going to be horrible, right? If
there is a chance of getting out of
prison, then maybe you make a change,
right? [clears throat] So like we need
to instill hope. And I released a video
a little while ago on like the emotional
roller coaster of a sale. So I'll link
that down below as well if you want to
go and sort of uh you know what finish
watching this video and go to that so
you can see how hope and all that kind
of stuff marries in together. But you
need hope in a sales call because hope
is what gives the person the belief and
the the ability to like see that it can
be done in the future. And so without
it, we're we're just kind of up
creek without a paddle because it just
sort of seems like this enormous sort of
issue that they have to solve and it
just becomes too hard. They have to have
hope that they can actually do it,
right? And like what is life without
hope? It's boring as Okay.
[snorts] And so like the where is like
where are they now and where do they
want to be? Okay. Okay. It's literally
the gap where so like there's a there's
a bridge. There's a whole bunch of like
pillars that have to be in that bridge,
okay? In order for support the journey
across it. They're here. They need to be
here. Let's establish what that looks
like. Okay? Like it's it's really
simple. It doesn't have to be more
complicated than that. People buy based
off the potential future state and the
understanding of the the gaps that is in
between that and then the driving of the
urgency, right? In order to want to fill
that gap or like be able to get to the
outcome. And they have to know that it
can be done, but they have to know they
need you to to help them do it. Okay?
And uh you know, quick one. If you guys
are liking this kind of content, I have
a really affordable group. It's both on
YouTube and on Patreon. It's like
anywhere from 50 to 200 bucks a month.
And we have like 30 coaching sessions a
week with a whole bunch of different
coaches, all kinds of different role
plays and and uh like over 200 videos
now, I think. So, I'll link that down in
the description. But if you like this
kind of stuff and you don't want to pay
a fortune for sales training, then you
can just go down there and have a look.
That wraps up big concept number two,
which is where and when they control the
gaps and they make the gaps obvious.
Okay. Now, why and how is closing the
deal without being pushy. So, the why is
the urgency and the how is the relief.
Okay, it's the pitch. Okay, so why is I
think the most important question
because people don't do things without a
reason. Everyone does something for a
reason, right? Actions are usually
predicated by an emotion. I had a friend
when I was in the military and he uh was
in a really really bad helicopter crash.
Okay, a bunch of people died. Um my best
friend actually died during the
helicopter crash. Um and he was left
without the ability to have emotions uh
for a long time. And one of the sort of
strange byproducts of that was that um
he wasn't able to really make any
meaningful decisions for himself, even
down to sort of like what shoe to put on
first. Because without emotion, there's
sort of no driving need to do anything.
And there's a really difficult ability
for your brain to reason why you should
do left or right first because you just
feel like putting your left shoe on
first, you know. Um and so um also uh he
doesn't have really made any memories of
that stage of his life because the uh
you know when when you have no emotions
you have very little memory. People like
block out really bad stuff because they
just go dead inside. The underlying
emotional motivator behind why we're
doing stuff is the reason why people
buy. So the why is the urgency. It's the
need to act. Think of it in the way of
like if you [snorts]
uh smell that your house is on fire, do
you walk out or do you kind of run out,
right? And the answer is you you you run
out because you realize that um the
enormous consequence of your inaction.
And it's not because you're like, "Oh,
this would be unpleasant." It'd be like
it's it's that knowledge and that like
the feeling of being potentially burned
alive is horrible. Um, and so like that
motivation and the recognition of cost
of inaction makes you do stuff. So the
wise are why them, why now, why hasn't
it been fixed, and why does it matter?
These are designed to get the emotions
going and to understand the underlying
reason and uh drive more urgency so that
like they can actually push forward.
Okay, the how is the pitch. If you guys
want me to do a specific video on the
pitch, just comment like pitch down
below and I'll go ahead and do that,
which is like how to break down a pitch
and how to actually write one like kind
of like real like nitty-gritty.
>> That that that
>> but the overwhelming thing that you're
looking for in your pitch is just kind
of relief that they finally have a
solution. So, it's like this is the part
where like you do more of the talking.
um you're going to really try and lay
down like that the these are the
problems that you're having and this is
like how on a high level not in too much
detail how you solve those problems. You
want to go over how those processes
works and then how they get started. So
as you can see like it's a pretty simple
framework and if you ticked all those
boxes you're in a good opportunity
you're in a good place to make a sale.
Now is there a sales framework that
solves every single problem? No, there
is not. But there are a lot of things
that create a lot of problems through
the mechanism of just over complication.
And if you don't understand like the
basics of the information that you're
trying to get, then all of these things
are tactics um that are bolted on to an
insufficient or not well very not very
well thoughtout strategy. Whereas
strategy is more important than tactics.
And so what I'm trying to give you with
this um is a really simple framework
strategy of these is the core pieces of
information that I require in order to
get the best outcome and to know that
I've got all the information and the
prospect has all the information to be
able to make a good decision. Does this
solve every problem? No, it doesn't.
Right? But what we want to do is we want
to start off with a good jumping off
point to where
we are not kind of overengineering from
the beginning because when you do that
you end up usually as a human just as a
normal thing you just add more and more
and more and more and more and that
doesn't help you right if anything you
want to start removing stuff so starting
with a baseline skeleton framework I
think is the best way to go and then
over the course of time by recognizing
patterns and seeing things you can just
add little bits on bit by bit. Okay, so
if you guys like this content and you
want more of it, then make sure you
subscribe to the channel. If you do want
extra help and you want coaching, all
that kind of good stuff, you can go down
below. I have a super low ticket
affordable community that you can join
and you can get access to basically 50
grand worth of sales training for like
50 bucks. So go there, check it out. Um,
make sure you like, subscribe,
notification bell, all that kind of good
stuff. and I'll see you in the next
