All right, cool. Okay, I'm just going to pin myself. Um, okay. Uh, next thing I'm going to do real quick is go Okay, so um the way that this will work is and then we also have special guests. Okay, so I have people coming in. Um, those times are just being filled out at the moment, but we're going to have like Cole Gordon.
He's going to be speaking on like how to find your top offers. We're going to have like Shane Heatherington. He's going to come in and speak about like leadership and sales. he ran like a good chunk of the sales sniper crews, right? And then we're going to have like Road come in and talk about tonality and and Laura come in and talk about EQ.
Just a whole bunch of people um that that I really like what they do. Um and uh yeah, we're going to be going over that. And then uh the foundation of what we're going to be doing, okay, in terms of learning the sales is the objection handling matrix. Okay. Um so I'll post that inside of the group. Okay. All the communication will be inside of that group and then I'll upload all of these recordings to the playlist. Okay.
I'll also stream these into the membersonly area of YouTube, right? So, if you do miss it, don't worry. There'll be multiple places and where you can get it. Okay? Um and uh you know, like there's there's there's all the memberships will get access to all this stuff, right? So, um if you're one of the people that just signed up for the level one, right, I see you.
You know, no, I'm just kidding. Right? You cheap [ __ ] right? No, I'm just kidding. I'm struggling out here, guys. Come on. Okay. Um, and like the whole point of this, guys, is to just give a ton of value, right? I I really I love sales. I'm very passionate about it. Um, I don't do tons of sales training stuff anymore, although, you know, here I am.
Um, but I have no interest in having a uh a large, you know, a large cumbersome program. And I think that um people can learn a lot just from getting high touch some volume stuff going through and learning different types of sales. I don't there's any one particular type of sale that works for anybody.
I think that um I think that sales is just that you know uh you know you have to find your own style. Okay. Um Okay. So what we're going to be talking about today is like objections overall, right? I'm going to break down kind of where they come from, what they are, but then also like um how uh you know uh fundamentally where they come from, then we're going to be going over like the baseline um uh like the baseline hierarchy of importance of of how you should be thinking about objections.
Um and then some of the basic dos and don'ts. My my point of today is to sort of cover as much as humanly possible and then from there just um give you guys an opportunity to walk away from this session knowing kind of how the overarching structure works and then from there have some have some good takeaways and also go over um uh from a personality standpoint how you can figure out um you know how like how you can figure out uh what you should be doing and and and how you should be handling certain things because your personality and your whether you're
really forthright or whether you're more leaned out will play a large role in in how you attack sales. Okay. So, um so like the the easiest way to uh so objections are just concerns, right? And they are completely reasonable and valid. Um and one of the largest problems that I see within sales people is that they will default to uh objections that are sort of outside of their control.
So, a lot of them will go to fear-based objections and and they'll go to all these kind of like weird things, right? Um, and in reality, uh, it it's sort of just like coping mechanisms for people who just couldn't sort of overcome objections. You know what I mean? Like, oh, like that person had a bad mindset. Oh, that person had bad fear. They're a bad lead. All right.
So, there the first thing you must realize when it comes to getting good at objections is there is nothing that you can say or do that will make somebody do something. you cannot make them buy. You don't have that kind of power and authority over them. And so like what that does is you like that's what detaching from the sale is.
It's not that like you don't need the commissions, it's that you cannot make them buy, right? And as soon as you kind of realize that, then you stop um getting frustrated with people. Frustration is the main reason why people can't overcome objections because they don't know how quite how to articulate themselves.
They think that they can they think that they know what's best for the person. Okay? And then from there you think that like through some sort of verbal wizardry you can you can make someone do something. That's just not the case. Okay? So we'll break that down into a couple things. First of all like you don't know what's best for them.
I like I guarantee you, you just don't know. You might have an inkling and you might have a passionate thought, but you don't know. And you have to release yourself of that. Otherwise, handling objections consistently is very difficult because there's always an element of venom behind what you say and there's an intent behind what you say.
Whereas if all you're doing is curiously going through and asking questions, okay, then it's, you know, it's it's quite difficult for you to sound right. It's quite difficult for you to sound frustrated. It's like, oh, okay, well, like, help me understand that s and such. And so you you don't end up in this like combative environment.
And you can get away with asking a lot of quite pointy questions, but because the intent is not designed for you to go, I know it's best. I need to get you over here. Okay? Like that doesn't go over people. You're looking at people's life through a 45minute keyhole and you have very little context over what's going on.
And so the thought that you know what's best for them after such a short period of time is a very egotistical way of looking at the world. Okay. Um, and so once you let that go, you you start to sort of like loosen up a little bit and and you and you start to connect better with the prospect and also you stop putting an expectation on yourself that like you have to close every deal because the outcome is is very much out of your control.
What you're looking to do in sales and objection handling is become consistent. Okay, I've used this analogy a lot, but if I'm shooting a gun, right, because I used to be a sniper, right? If I'm shooting a gun and a random gust of wind comes and moves the bullet off course, I didn't do anything wrong. So, I have no adjustments to make.
So, I h if I then make an adjustment off that and the gust goes away because it was random, I'm going to miss. Now, I've done something to miss. And that's a lot of the time the kind of feedback loops that people get into. And so they don't they don't know how they just need to do a thing consistently.
Your whole job is to minimize variables. Okay? So the way that I teach objections is to sort of ignore a little bit of what the prospect says, right? And follow a process. Now, you're going to listen to them, but a lot of the time you're listening to way too much of what they're saying because they're giving you 10 different things at once, and you're trying to handle all of them at once, and you can't really do it that way effectively.
And so what we want to do is we want to like let that ego go. Just understand that like there you don't know what's best for them and that you can't wizard them into doing stuff, right? What you can do is learn a process that creates consistent and predictable answers from your prospect and then learn how to probe on the answers that give you the best chance of being able to get them to convince themselves to do something.
Okay? And if you make 10 sales in a row, you are the same sales rep as if you then make 10 no sales in a row. Congratulations, you closed the 50%. Okay, if you're a 30% closer, which would be good, okay, seven out of 10 say no. So those nos shouldn't affect us and you shouldn't be frustrated the people who say no.
Sometimes they just don't have the money. And a lot of the time when someone has like a fear-based objection, it's just a lack of value proposition. Okay. All right. Cool. So, first things first, hierarchy of objections. There are many different types. Money logistical is always the hierarchy. That is the most important objection because it is the objection 90% of the time.
Okay? So like if they want to go away and think about it, what do they want to go away and think about? Anyone want to type in the chat, right? They want to think about spending the money. If they want to go and talk to their partner, what do they want to talk to their partner about? Spending the money. Okay.
Okay. So if it's a timing thing, it's going to be around, do I have the money right now? Okay. So it always comes down to money. That's that's the most common objection. And it's the one that I think uh people uh spend the least amount of time on. Okay. And so the first principle is that we want to like just remove the objection. Okay.
So money aside, right? Do you feel like this would be the answer? Okay. So money aside. Now when it comes to objection, when it comes to sales in general, people use a lot of extra filler words. I want you guys to really practice over this next eight weeks of using as minimal words as possible. Every single word is an opportunity for you to [ __ ] up the intention of your word.
Okay? So, if I add in random words, right, it it adds a layer of complexity to that sentence of which the interpretation of the meaning can be muddled. If I say money aside, do you feel like this would be the answer? It's a very clear and easy question to answer. If I say, okay, so what I'm hearing you say is that money right now might be an issue.
So if we were to I guess remove that, right, and money was not the issue, do you feel like what we're doing would be the best for you? It's like it's [ __ ] word salad. Okay. And like it's it's just all it does is like it leaves tons of variables open for interpretation and people can take the meaning that they want. Okay.
If I say why is that important to you now though? And if I say why is that important to you now though? And if I go why is that important to you now though? Okay. First one neutral you pick the meaning. Second one tangible that you will you will say. Last one you will answer in terms of time frame. Okay.
Like you just will about 90% of the time. Okay. And so the slight inflection, pacing and pausing and tonality shifts that we do within a sentence will have a large uh impact on how that person deres that the like the actual answer. Okay. All right. But we want to we want softeners Matt maybe possibly likely etc.
Well maybe you know that's the answer. Okay. So one of the if you guys have never been involved in coaching before uh I am not a big fan of definitives. Okay. So, I'm going to answer this question because it's a good question. Softeners. Okay. Like possibly. So, neutral words. Neutral words are only good if you're a or are neutral words are best if you're a forthright person.
Okay. If you are someone who is leaned out and very like passive as a person, okay, and maybe soft-spoken, you will sound like you don't know what you're talking about. Forth means, okay, I'll give you an example. Uh, raise your hand or put put a me in the chat and be honest. Yeah. And because there's not a good or a bad here, okay? There's no good or bad.
Put a me in the chat if you will uh tell someone to get out of a line if they cut. Right. Right. Me. And again, this is not a good thing or a bad thing. Okay. If you would, then you're probably more forthright. you're probably someone who is more pushy in general. Okay, so neutral language is likely to be good for you.
Put a Okay, so put a one in the chat if you're someone who would never do that. Now again, that's not a bad thing because if everyone was like that, it'd be horrible. Okay, so if you're like that, then chances are neutral language will make you sound like a [ __ ] Okay, which means that like when it comes down to like pitching, uh, you sort of might not sound like you know what you're talking about and you don't have the confidence and conviction.
Okay? And so there's a there's a slider there. You know, generally speaking, more definitive terms towards the end is probably better, right? Like being much more confident and forthright towards the end. Okay? But if you're putting in, you don't need to put in like qualifiers like that, you know, maybe possibly might be when you're in objection handling because like the veil, the whole point of those things is to like, hey, I'm not a sales rep, right? It's like I'm not a sales rep.
Okay? You've pitched, you've asked for money, right? So like that's gone and now we're in a very tactical sort of uh part of it where we need to get them to convince themselves and so we we have to go through a very very precise series of questions. Okay. So you remove the objection money aside you feel this could be the answer. Okay.
Uh the reason why we do that is because we we want them to go back through we want to start a process of reestablishing value. Okay. All right. So the reestablishing of the value is the one of the key components to all objection handling because you need that person to start thinking in terms of like what are the things that I need whether it's software whether it's like coaching whether it's you know what like you know widgets okay what is it about what I've presented that we're going to we're going to talk about the benefits of that but you're going to
tell me which elements are most important to you and you're going to tell me why. Okay. because if we don't do it that way, then we're going to end up having a lot of quite odd conversations. I will actually roll back real quick though. Okay, now this is a lot of this stuff is um if you guys sell things that have financing or payment plans. Okay.
If you pitch and say and there's payment plans available, there's financing available, there's flexible payment terms available, if you say that when you pitch, it will be very difficult for you to overcome objections. Okay? It's very difficult because if I say to you, if I go Mark Daniel D. Okay. If I go so like unmute yourself, right? If I go like if you just pitch me and go, "Hey man, like there's payment plans available.
How do you want to proceed?" >> Yeah. I have payment plans. >> Um >> Yeah. So like Yeah. So what you're going to do is every time that person is going to go, "What payment plans do you have?" >> Yeah. >> Okay. Or they're going to go, "Hey, like what's the financing?" And then what you're doing is having a logistical inane conversation about something that we have not established they actually want.
Does that make sense everybody? So when you pitch, you pitch like your full price. Okay? You also need to pitch the full price if you're selling something like coaching or whatever or something that has or like software that has like a paid in full discount. Okay? So it's like, hey, there's like annual pricing, whatever.
pitch the most expensive version in the total number. Okay? You know, uh so like if it's a three pay and it's the three pay is 10 grand but the two pay but the one pay is eight. Don't pitch it eight grand. Okay? And then go, hey, you know how you don't have money? Well, I'm going to charge you more because you don't have enough. Okay? There needs to be a paidful incentive.
Okay? not a a payment plan, you know, interest. Okay? If you guys got questions on that, let me know. I can do like a separate video on it. But you want to make sure that you you do the the most important one. Is it like a price marinade type thing? Uh price the top. Uh so the the way that I would do it uh in order to give yourself the best chance, okay, is is if if whatever payment structures you have, the most expensive version, okay? Like, so if it's three pay, five pay, whatever, you say the most expensive
number, right? As a as as a as a one-off, you just go, "Hey, it's $10,000. How like, you know, yada yada yada yada like like how do you want to proceed?" Okay? Then from there, you would go through because you want to establish that value. Then from there, when you if they give you a price like a money objection, you can go, "Okay, money aside, you feel this is the answer. Why is that?" yada yada yada.
And then you can start to drop. Okay? But if you don't establish the initial value first, okay, if your price is 150K presented monthly delivers well, absolutely it does, that's fine. And if that's how you want to sell it, that's then that then that's good to go. Okay. So, it just depends on like there's obviously nuances to everything, but if you're saying things like you want to try and avoid uh giving uh you want to try and present things in a way where the most predictable outcome is either planned for or something that is easier to work
with. Because if you say, you know, there's payment plans available, if you present it as a monthly payment, hey, it's $120,000 divided over 12 months. How do you want to proceed? Because that's how it's done. That's totally fine. You know what I mean? But as long as you have ways to to move things down, it makes it a lot easier, right? Because you can go, hey, is it the upfront amount? If I broke that up, would that help you out? Oh, what also if you don't if you if you don't present paid in fulls, you're never going to get them or
you have to massively incentivize them. So, you can play around with it a bit, but you want to avoid inducing objections early that uh mask the actual concern, which is like, hey, you know, like, so what are the finance terms available? Oh, okay, cool. All right. Well, I'm going to go away and have a look at that.
Just do my calculations, you know, and then it's like now you spent five minutes dealing with [ __ ] Okay. All right. So um okay so we go like so money aside you feel this could be the answer yes okay um why is that now one of the important things there okay that you guys want to note is that uh they are going to say yes almost every time if they say no you've done something drastically wrong in the sale right so like we're we're we're way off base okay so they say yes now you might hear them start to trail off you guys know when someone has a butt coming yeah
you know what I mean interrupt them immediately. The moment you hear the yes, you you interrupt them. Okay, why is that? Now, this is a practice thing and it sounds easy, but it's actually not easy to do. Okay, it's a very very important skill set, especially in objection handling, right? Oh, like why is that? Okay, so you you interrupt them, right? The sun is going to kill everyone. All right. So, okay.
Because the way that humans work is that they haven't finished that thought yet. Okay. Like they they truly haven't. I I promise you. You think and speak in real time. Okay? Unless you're like Jordan Peterson. It seems the form is completing sentences and then talk. Okay? So, um you do that. So, you you cut it off because there there's a butt coming but they haven't got to it yet.
Okay? So, you cut that off. Now, it's not don't always do that. Sometimes if the butt if you can tell the butt's going to be positive, okay, then like like let them ride with it. Okay, but generally speaking in objection handling, especially at that time, you go, why is that? Right? Then what they have to do mentally is have to go back up and they have to go, well, I guess this, right? And then you go, what is it specifically though that you feel like is kind of the like key to the castle for you? Okay. So then ask them a a question
where they have to dive into their memory and think about what do I find most valuable okay what is it about this thing okay and then from there because they're reestablishing value then from there you go okay like why that thing so again establish get deeper when somebody has an idea that's really good for the outcome that you want you want to probe and ask questions about it because it strengthens the idea Yeah.
Okay. That's just how human beings work. If you ever seen a debate, no one changes their mind. Okay. So, if you can't change someone's mind, right, which is because it's very difficult to do so. You have to get them to take themselves through a process where they are the ones convincing themselves and they do that by having an idea and then you strengthening it through pushing back on them a little bit and through probing them.
Okay, make sense everyone? Okay. So once you've gone through that step, okay, then we go, okay, so what are some ways that we can come up with the funds to where you can get and then you say the exact thing that they just said they need in order to get the outcome that they want, whether it's a feature in the software, whether it's a feature in the program, whether it's accountability, whatever it may be.
Okay? You get them to go, okay, so what are some ways that we can come up with the funds to where you can you can actually get that? Okay. Now, if you hear that tone, it's nice and light. Okay. What I'm not doing is going, "Okay, so so how do you how do you get that?" Okay. It's like it's too much. Okay? You're you're not trying to like induce a massive amount of emotion here.
What you're trying to do is get them to happily continue the conversation and just take you take them down the line. Okay? You can get to emotional stuff later, but at the moment, it's just not required, right? This is a normal part of your day. You're not surprised or concerned by it because it is totally and reasonable that they would have a concern about spending money given the fact that most sales cycles are fairly short, right? This is a legitimate and normal and reasonable thing.
Okay? It doesn't mean it's like the way that it has to be, but you know, you guys get what I'm saying. Okay. Then from there, so once we and then once we ask that question, so what are some ways we come up with the funds? We're now on the same side of the table. Okay. The best thing that you can do is be on the same side of the table.
Okay? It's two people trying to solve a problem because we've gone through had a call, established the needs, the wants, all that kind of stuff, done our presentation, said, "Hey, this is how we solve your problems. This is the investment required. This is the funds required to solve your problems." Okay, you have a concern.
Okay, but if the concern wasn't there, do you feel like this would be the answer? Yes. Why is that? Okay, perfect. What is it specifically? This. Okay, why that? Oh, that makes sense. Hey, what are some ways that you think that we can come up with the funds to where we can actually get that? So, you can. And it's like, oh, and then you start thinking and talking.
Hey, do you mind if I make a suggestion? Yeah, sweet. Well, you know what a lot of our clients do, yada yada yada, is they do something like this. Like, would that work? No. Okay, cool. Okay, is it the upfront amount or if I broke that up for you, like, would that make it easier? Oh, you can do that. So, see how it's like easier to roll a bowl down a hill, right, than push it up.
So, if I start at the payment plan and I like I'm never pushing it up to a PIFF, right? But if I start at the PIFF and I establish the value, okay, then I can go, okay, well, if I broke it up, like would that help you out? Now, the reason why I like to start off with the most expensive version is it sounds like it's harder to go like, well, you know, it's 150k if you pay, you know, for 12 months.
It's like, you know, it's like, yes, it sounds like it's harder, but that's the overall value anyway. So, like, I'd rather have someone agree and establish the value to the entirety of the program, right? There's a there's a sales call with Cardone where he hops on. He says like, "Oh, I guess it's only 2500 a month.
" And he said, "No, you're not making a $2,500 decision. You're making a $30,000 decision. Big boy decisions, big boy results." Right? And I was like, "That's a really good way of looking at it." Because it's like I want them to be bought in on the entirety of it, not just like the fact that they can break it up, right? That's like that's where financing breaks reps.
Like, you know, like where you can break it up over three years or two years or whatever. Like that financing element, it breaks them because people start to sell based off not the value and like the actual sales call, but they based off like the fact that it's like ridiculously affordable and like a no-brainer. That's not selling.
That's being a checkout chick. Okay. So, like because if if we can then break it down and go, "Oh, okay. Like, if I could break it up for you, like would that help?" Now, the issue is if I then have to go, "Well, if I break it up for you, it's not 20% more expensive." So, you the broker that doesn't have the money, yeah, it's more expensive for you, broky. Okay.
So, like that doesn't seem like the best framing for me. I never liked that. So, I always just went with the most expensive version, right? Then from there allowed me to drop to a payment plan. And that payment plan was the same cost, right, that they already knew about. So, I never got the objection, well, I'm just going to wait till I can pay in full, right? Because that's a really annoying objection.
Because my process from there is then to get them to uh do the payment plan and then say, "Oh, I get the first payment or the, you know, whatever it is, then I'll offer them the paid in full incentive after I get the first payment. Right. Oh, hey, did I mention that you actually get a a bit of a discount for paying in full? No.
Ah, [ __ ] Sorry, man. Yeah. So, you paid this much, but if you want to pay the rest off, it's only this much more. Do you want to do that? And then I just sit there until they do it or they don't. Either way, it's fine. >> Okay. >> Thank you. >> All right. So, this is all scripted as well, so you guys don't have to worry. This is all like all scripted out for you guys. Like, it's totally fine. Okay.
So, but what I wanted to do is kind of go over and be able to kind of show the process. Okay. And that's like and then that's just like one objection. Then you come up with it and you go, "Okay, cool." So, you establish it and you go, "Okay, so if we broke it up for you, like, would that help?" Yes. Okay.
Do you want to go through that? I always ask that little bit of extra. They go, "If I broke it up for you, would that help?" Yes. And do you want to go through that? Yes. Okay. Hey, it's totally normal. I normalize it. It's totally normal. a lot of people that are coming to us for XYZ. You know, the paying that in full is just like not an option for most people.
So, it's totally fine. Uh so, what we generally do for people is this and then I will offer a two pay and then I will listen. If they're like silent, I can go and we can do some other ones if you want. You know what I mean? I can do a three, whatever. Okay? Like drop, but I don't want to go to like a 27 pay straight away.
Okay? I want to kind of drop down nice and controlled. If I get to the chance where I've offered two or three options and they're like, uh, I'm like, hey man, I I can't hit a target that I can't see, um, like where are we at? Is this way out of the realms of possibility or like we need to, you know, just if you just help me out, then I can help you out.
Because at that point, we can drop the veil and we can have a normal conversation with somebody. They need it. They want it. They want to figure out a way to pay for it. They understand the value, right? And now it's like we just have to figure this out. Nick, you got a question? >> Yeah.
Real quick, do you ask for their cash on hand before too? >> No, before. No, this is a real dangerous game. Um, we I need to establish that they that they are really bought in. >> Yeah, like after that I'm saying. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Yeah. Okay. >> Yeah. So, I'll be like, okay, cool. So, can you help me out like with what cash you have on hand and what you think that you can put towards this? I don't want you not to be able to eat.
That's ridiculous. So like what do you actually have? And then like you know what do you have coming up and then maybe we can figure this out, >> right? You just want to have a really genuine open and normal conversation and normalize it and be as normal as possible. It is a very unpleasant thing for everybody to have to talk about not having enough money to do something.
Okay? And so you don't want to make anyone feel bad about that. So you want to normalize it and just be really cool and go, "Oh, dude, it's totally normal. Like don't worry about it." You know what I mean? Uh it's a important part because a lot of the time like people take these posturing frames, right? And it's just such a load of [ __ ] Um whereas like like you have to sort of play the ball that you're given, you know, and so if someone needs to be smacked down a little bit, you can smack it down. If someone needs to be
built up a little, you need to build them up. But if someone needs like empathy and they need you to like be understanding, you can't make someone feel bad. If your goal is to like win the argument, you you're g you're not going to make a lot of sales. You you you like even if you know you're right, it just doesn't matter, right? It it it just has no bearing on the conversation, right? That's a real young man's thing, right? And I need to be right. Look at this guy's mindset.
He's a [ __ ] idiot. Okay? It's like, no, no, no. Like everyone has, you know, where there's a lot of decisions that's gone behind everybody to be in the place in where they're in and you just don't know. Like if you have shitty parents that like hate people with money, you will like spend a very long time uh destroying any opportunities to make money, >> right? It's just kind of the way that it is.
It's like a, you know, and so, you know, just be empathetic with people and just be real with people. Okay. And then from there. Okay. So, um, yeah, Brody, >> Maddie, dude, can you just walk me through that one last part? So, after if we broke it up without help, do you want to go through that? Yeah, perfect. Normalize it that that next part there.
Um, yeah. >> Are you are you offering your preferred pricing structure or are you framing it as though, okay, in terms of breaking it up for you, is there a preferred way that makes the most sense that you could get the help you need? Are you g giving them the honest or taking it? No, I'm I'm going to take that because I want to I want to drop it quite precisely.
I'm going to offer like a two, a three. I'm gonna I'm going to drop I'm also going to get a bit of a gauge as to like how they react. So, if I offer a two pay and they go I'm going to go, "What about a four?" >> You know what I mean? So, like I'm going to I'm going to kind of play the field a little bit there. >> Um but if if I go at two pay and they go, "Oh yeah, like like that could work.
" I'm like, "Are you sure?" So, I'll push back a little bit. Are you sure? And they go, "Yeah." You go, "Okay." Like, "How do you want to proceed?" Right? You know, and then I just reestablish it. Okay. So, two payments of XYZ would work within your current budget. Yes, it would. How do you want to proceed? Now, Mark, before I get to you, the difficulty is during that exchange, they are going to give you other objections.
[Music] >> Partner, think about it. Timing, you ignore all of them. That it is a difficult thing to do, and I know it's a little bit anothetical for most people. You literally ignore them. Okay. Like you keep going down your pathway, right, Collie? I wasn't expecting that. Yes. You ignore what they're The reason being is because the from the thousands of core views I've done on objection handling, most people will get sidetracked halfway through and never resolve any of them.
Right? So just once like it's um objection handling is far more dictatorial than the rest of the call. So like I will just straight up ignore things that I don't want to talk about in objection handling. Just ignore it completely. I will like it didn't exist didn't happen. Right? So if they're like if I'm dealing with money and they start going oh yeah you know I'm like okay so money decided this be the answer. Yes it would.
Why is that? yada yada yada. Okay, so what are some ways we can come up with the funds? Yeah, I could probably come up with it. I just need to go away and check with the partner. I'd be like, "Okay, so like, you know, I would just go back through and I completely ignore the fact that they said partner.
" In my head, I've noted it because I know that that's going to be their next objection. Okay, but I'm just going to keep ramming them down because at the end of it, I want So this So this payment plan, this payment structure would work within your current budget. Yes. Okay. I'm not asking them to do it. I'm saying it would work.
Okay? And they might go like, "Well, I'd have to check with the finances." Okay. Well, based off what you know right now, though, like ballpark figures. Obviously, you can go and dot the eyes and cross the tears later, but based off what you know, you know, do you feel this would this could work? They're like, "Yeah, you know, I'd have to just check things, go, okay, well, do you know how much money you make?" Yep.
All right. Well, do you know how much money you have? Yep. What do you think it'll work? Right. All right, I'm just going to keep asking that question in different ways until they go, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, I suppose it'll work. Okay, what do you want to do from here?" Right? Because now it's the next objection. Yeah.
I just have to go away and speak to my partner. Okay. When you go to your partner, like what do you need to cook? Does that make sense? Like I'm just [ __ ] ramming them down because I have to resolve that line and I if they even if they give me other objections, I'm going to do money first anyway, right? because money is like my backstock.
Okay? So, if they go, "Uh, yeah, hey, Matt, you know, this sounds really good. What I really need to do is just kind of go away, speak to my accountant, my partner, just kind of make sure that like, you know, my chakras are aligned and, you know, just make sure the finances and all that kind of stuff lined up.
So, what I do from here, like get back in two weeks, send me an email and stuff." I'll be like, "Yeah, money aside, though. Do you feel this is the answer?" I ignore everything and just go money aside. Right? The reason being is because it's money wrapped in a bunch of [ __ ] right? And so like I'm just going to handle that thing and like uh I'm going to go through and I'm not going to get sidetracked at all.
You know, go back through and listen to a bunch of your old calls, guys, and hear yourself get 50% down through a money objection and then go over here and then get 30% through a partner objection and then go over here and then get 25% through a money through like a like a timing objection. then go and do this [ __ ] like fear-based smokeokesc screen [ __ ] reframe thing for 30 minutes to then have them go yeah yeah yeah but like I just need to figure the money part out right and it's like [ __ ] sake so like your back stop is money nothing else
matters until you've established the financial parameters of the deal nothing matters because without that there is no There's a deal at the end of the day. Okay. Uh Brody, was that was that does that make sense? Did I answer that? >> Yeah. Yeah, it does. I was wondering just after Mark's question, could you go through line by line again one more time just through that sequence just so I got the back end? But um go Mark first.
>> For sure. Uh Mark. >> Yes. Thank you, Matt. First of all, thank you for doing this training, man. It's amazing. And I have a question on what you just mentioned. Um sometimes when I do payment plans I frame it as if it's like a special case where I ask them okay like um what are the highlights for you? They tell me the highlights.
So this is not if this will work for you it's how you can make it work financially. >> Yeah. >> And so I can ask you like how motivated are you to follow the program to get the results. So they say like a 10. So they say okay in that case I feel I can trust you. We could possibly do like a payment plan.
Would that would that work? What do you think of this approach? >> I mean I think if it works do it. I just think that you just want to have a way that is like replicatable and I like I always heir on the side of the truth, right? So like for me, I've never done like last, you know, action taker discount type stuff because like, you know, if they're going to come back to me in two days, I'm still going to give them the price and I'm just not going to do it.
I just like to have a a really um like and I'm not saying that you're not being honest. That's what I'm saying, right? It's just like I I I'm just super straightforward with how I do it. And I don't I minimal fluff and talking the better again because when when you've asked for money, it's you know you there's a it's a very interesting dynamic shift, okay, to where the veil's been broken.
And so you want to be very precise with your language right now. Again, if it's working, I'm I'm I'm all for it. And if you can pull it off consistently, I like I my objection handling is so boringly monotonous. It is the same every time. Like it doesn't change for people, nothing. I can do it asleep. It's the same. Right.
And and uh Brody, like I'll go over that whole sequence again, right? I'll just answer the two questions. Uh I I think if you if you can structure it in a way where it makes sense, but I I think I would I would have a look at, you know, um if it's going sideways in any of those interactions and then if you have to make a spontaneous value judgment on whether or not something will work on somebody like it's a difficult one to do consistently, right? >> Want to have a process that you can use all the time, right? >> Yeah, exactly.
>> Rep. Got it. Thank you. >> All right. Uh Joe, >> O mates, how you doing? Um so my question is so there's this new um like financing thing on our offer where it's called split it where like essentially um they don't need to have a good credit score and there's like no interest involved.
Um so it's like the same price if they're split it over um 12 months. So, I know when you were saying earlier about, you know, going for like a a two pay first um before going into the others, obviously if I do a two pay, I can't do splitted for that. So, I'm lally half of me commissions. Would you with the split considered, would you recommend just asking them like what they can commit on a monthly basis and then going into split? So this is this is an interesting nuance, right, to where like like there's a what's right for the business,
what's right in sales, and what's right for your for your for your for your bank account. If you if you have a like I would still pitch the full price, right? But like if they couldn't afford a genuine PIFF and I got more money through putting it through Split It, I'd probably put it through Split It, right? >> Okay.
But I would do it as like a hey this is the other way that you know this is this is the way that we can do it right like would this work for you and I that would be my payment plan option >> right so paid in full because like for example like a wire paying full is better than a credit card painful >> because there's no transaction fees. >> Yeah that and also there's no chargebacks.
>> Yeah. >> Right. And then so like wire painful is best then credit card painful then you know whatever the you know best option is from there financially and like you should definitely do things that benefit you financially right you know what I mean so if you don't get trailing comms you know what I mean like two pays and three pays and stuff like that then don't do that um so yeah I would I would go paid in full price establish that value you know hey is it the upfront amount if we could break it up would
that help you yes sweet well we do have this pretty cool thing you know it's called split it. And what we do is we actually break it up for you over 12 months. Like, would that help you out? Yes, it would. Okay, perfect. Right. Make it make sense. All right. Cool. Sean. >> All right. Hey, Matt.
Lovely to see everybody's beautiful and handsome faces. Uh, got a really, really >> I mean, >> I love being me. I get to do whatever I want. >> Go ahead. So, I got a quick question. So you usually when an example let's say when I give it when I pitch the service product and then once they once it's done I ask how does that suit you how do you feel about this or you feel this this can be answered for you quote unquote and then they say yes and ask why and they give a reason why and then later on after they give you reasons then they give the objection do you
still go oh but money aside but because money aside would you would you would you want to do this when he already stated what they said previously. >> So, uh the answer is yes, but that's where like having different ways of saying the same thing work. >> What do you sorry my son? Um, so yeah, you need to have so like like if I'm going to go through and someone like you know does um right if someone's like you know if I'm doing money objection hey money aside right and then I and someone comes through with like the partner right and
they got and I go okay well like you know if the partner wasn't you know if your partner was on board okay so I'm saying the same thing but I'm just removing the objection right make sense one All right. Um, okay. So, that's where like you just have to practice to saying things in different ways. This where some of that conversational flexibility exercises that I talked about that we're going to be doing during this program.
Okay. Like it's designed for that stuff because if you don't get an answer, if you get a non-answer, you need to keep asking the question. And that's a a very very uh necessary skill set for sales reps to have. It's actually a necessary skill set for anyone to have because a lot of time like you'll ask questions and people just don't give you answers and it's either because like if you ask a vague question you get a vague answer, right? So, um, and and a lot of the time the way that sales reps in particular
ask questions, they are very difficult to answer because they say, "Okay, so what I'm hearing you say is that," and then it's like all this [ __ ] nonsense because you're like, "I'm a sales rep and you don't sound like a normal human." And so the interpretation is very quite difficult to figure out, right? Whereas if it's really clear and concise, then you can keep going.
But you just have to have different ways of doing that. Like if I ask somebody, okay, so let's just say you go to your partner and they say no. What happens then? Okay, it's a very clear question, but they're still not going to want to answer it. They're going to go, "Well, I don't think that'll happen." Okay, what if it does? Well, you know, like she's really supportive and she Okay.
Okay, but let's just say she's had a really bad day and she's like, you know, what happens then? And then it's another blah blah blah. And then I'm like, okay, let's just say she gets home from work. You know, Becky at work. Yeah, Becky, she's been a [ __ ] right? Becky's been a mad [ __ ] at work all day. Your wife's come home.
and she had a bad day because of Becky and she's like, "No, you're not doing this." What happens? Like, stamp the foot. What happens then? Okay. So, like, cuz I'm going to get that answer, whether I'm not going to do it. Oh, so she's like the decision maker for the business. Well, no. Okay. But if she says no, then you're out. All right. That could be trouble.
All right. So, like I'm I'm going to get that answer. And that's where you just have to be good at that. And it's a practice thing, you know, where you just keep asking and asking and asking and asking and asking, but it's in a way where like you're not frustrated and it's like there's an escalation to it that gets more definitive.
Okay. Right. Um All right, let's go with uh Ron, then. >> Hey, Matt. Uh thanks for doing this. Um question is for there. Um, I have a martial arts school. So, uh, we do like a paid trial, low barrier offer. They do a month, uh, for 100 bucks basically, and then two weeks in, we present all the other offers.
We do like a belt test for the kid on the first date, etc., etc. So, how I've always done it is I have four options. Option A, B, C, D, option A is 30% discount. Option B is a 20% discount if they put 500 bucks down. C is 300 bucks down then they get a 10% discount and then option D is like nobody takes it but it's it's got that.
So I'm just curious is that I do I am coming into the objection like oh I got to talk to my wife or mom's not here or that sort of thing. Is there any benefit to like how would you deal with that type of scenario? >> Are you are you are you presenting them all like hey here's your options ABCD? >> Yes. >> Yeah. Right.
Um, >> the only thing is I've been trying to like pre-frame like preload it because now what we've been doing is I've been I've been kind of giving them the pricing like within the first week. Hey, do you have the pricing? Just so you know, we offer we do an incentive if you sign up on the day.
If you sign up with the belt test and we give you a $200 discount off any prepayment. >> If I came back the next day, would you give me the discount? >> Probably would. >> Then it's not real, is it? >> But well, no, no. I Hey, I'm You want the honest answer or the one that I'm trying to present? >> The hon the honest answer.
That's what I'm saying. The honest answer. >> The honest answer is I'd be like, "Yeah, sure." >> Yeah. Exactly. So, like just don't like So, the answer is like, you know, if it's working, keep doing it. Okay. Can you optimize it? Sure. That's a lot of choice, right? You know, generally speaking, if I come to somebody, uh, you know, don't give me choices.
Tell me what I'm supposed to do. Okay. Now, when it comes to payment, like do you get things like, oh, well, you know, I'll just wait until I have the full amount >> or so I can get >> the way I structured it is like the option A is the paid in full, which is actually my real tuition weight that I want.
So, I kind of instead of discounting my weight, I just made the paid in full amount what I really want and then made everything else that much more expensive. So, I'm fine whatever I get. Like I'm kind of >> Yeah, I know. But like like do you get people going well I'll wait until I have the full amount because like they get a discount for paying it full.
I've >> had it happen once. >> Okay. Well then you know what I would do first and for like it's again it's hard to say if it's good or a bad way of doing it. My sales intuition tells me that's too much choice >> right to give to give someone upfront. Um my gut is is to you know uh only present one price and one way of doing it.
You know, you know what I mean? Just because you know when you're pe people are now they have to make more than one choice. Now they have to like initially go okay I want to do it and that one you know I mean and that price where it's like the first thing is like do you want to do this? Yes. Okay. And now how do we pay for it? You know so I think like maybe breaking it up but again if it's working really well then like what the [ __ ] to be honest like who cares? >> Yeah.
We we close from the trial to that at about 50 to 60% depending on the time of year. And of those closes, about 50% of them do the paid in full. >> Then I wouldn't [ __ ] with it too much. But if there's one that no one takes, just remove it because it's just nonsense choice. >> Okay. Appreciate that. >> Just like streamline it even more. Okay.
>> Yeah. >> Appreciate all the >> Yeah. Thanks a lot for the training. Can you hear me? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. Perfect. So if we talk about gym membership, there is no option for paying full. There is only option for annual contract uh but you pay monthly and monthly rolling that is more expensive but also paying monthly.
What would you pitch? Would you try to make it up like Cardone was doing? Because I think he had the similar case. He would sell membership for his course but he will create that big number for the like pay for the year. >> Yeah. So there like month-to-month rolling memberships. Is that what you're saying? >> Yeah.
So at the end of the day they're paying every month but there are two options. So you either have a annual contract so you uh you subscribe for a year but you pay per month or you don't have that contract and you can like uh cancel any time and you pay more but again per month >> um annual contract >> then pitch the annual contract as as and then your drop cell is the monthtomonth right so your like so your your drop is a month yeah Oh, if it's going to be more expensive, like, but that's an easy one to it's an easy one to verbally maneuver.
>> Okay. >> It's like, right, because there's a guarantee. It's like, okay, so the way that we generally do it is we do it's a 12-month contract for this much over the course of the year. How do you want to pursue here? >> We talk about the entire >> I I would Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. Got it. >> You know what I mean? And then that way it might go, "Oh, is it up front?" and go, "Well, it can be.
" >> Okay. >> Would you like to do that? You know what I mean? They might go, "Oh." And go like, "Money aside, though. Do you feel this would be the answer?" Yes, it would. Why is that? Okay. This. All right. Cool. So, does it make sense? Like, what is it? All right. Cool. yada yada yada. Like, what is it specifically? Well, it's this, this, and this. Okay.
So, you know, is it the upfront amount or if we if we if we did break that up for you? Like, would that help? Like, oh, you can do that. Go, yeah, sweet. Yeah, you can pay monthly if you'd like. Oh, that'd be perfect. Now, you've got an annual contract paying monthly, which is fantastic. And then if if if they then have any more objections like a trusting or whatever like that you can go what we can do is since you want to kind of remove some of the I guess you know some of your burden right that increases our risk okay uh you know what I mean and so but what
we're happy to do for you is if you just want to do monthly it's this much on a monthly basis >> right but then if you do want to switch over to an annual contract then we can go ahead and knock that back down so which one will work better for you Again, you it's easy to talk your way through that kind of thing, but you just want to have a starting point.
And the starting point is super clear. >> And the starting point is the best possible outcome for you, which is a 12 month contract paid in full. That's the goat. >> Okay? >> And it's like 12-month contract paid monthly, >> right? And then it's like no contract paid monthly, >> right? So now you have a a systematic way of dropping, >> okay? to where it's intentional.
It doesn't sound desperate, okay? But like it's very very intentional >> and uh you know, but now you have an opportunity to potentially get >> a 12-month paid in full. Whereas like if you don't ever present that, then you'll never get it, right? Like it's it's very difficult to get someone to buy in on a lower amount and then get them to do the paid pool.
>> You know what I mean? >> You know what I mean? And again, that's just whether or not that works well for your business, for your com structure, whatever. Whatever works best, like you kind of want to structure around that, you know, whatever is like the most financially beneficial for you as the sales rep, right? Like that's how you kind of want to, you know, structure everything around.
Again, like the business advice is different than the sales rep's advice, >> you know? So, you have to kind of go between those two. All right, Nick. >> Yeah. So, uh, like a couple weeks ago, I was here and I asked you or I told you about how when I am at the end of the call handling objections and if it goes on for quite a while and I get them to close, a lot of the times they wake up and they say, "I want my money back like the next day.
" And you mentioned that I should get them to tell me that they want to do it more, like more than once. How do you how do you do that? What is the way to do that? uh uh be better at sales. No, no, no. The the real answer is like so throughout the process you can um you want to sort of get someone to to tell you through throughout the process multiple times that they want it, they need it, they need it now.
Okay? And so the way that you do that is just through like little tiny probes. Okay? So it's like, hey, I want to lose some weight. Okay. How much weight? How much you want to lose that for? Okay. Why now? Okay. Like and do you want to like lose that weight now or later? Now. Why now? >> Okay, that makes sense. >> Like it's that it's it's that casual.
>> So you weren't saying that for when I'm after handling the objection and like right before they're about to pay. That's the way I took it when you told me that. >> The entire call. >> Okay. Yeah, I'm kind of doing that already. Like >> Yeah, but maybe maybe maybe not very well. Um, yeah. >> You know, so if you're getting a lot of refunds, you're either pushy, >> right? >> Like that, like you just you're just pushing people.
So you have to have a look at like, well, if there's 10 people that I sell and three of them I [ __ ] railed on them. >> Yeah. >> Right. Chances are two out of those three are gonna and I'm happy with that math. >> Right. >> You're h really >> like are you like Well, no. I was saying that's the question you got to ask yourself.
Am I happy with that math? Because if I make 10 sales and three of them I know I was pretty rough with and two of them refund. So I get eight sales. The math math most of the time, right? But you have to learn to break it up and go like, okay, like like and probably just find the line because I'm I'm tipping you get no follow-up sales, right? >> Uh no, that's not entirely true.
I'd say about 10 to 20% of them are follow-up. >> Okay? Because generally speaking, like if you're getting a lot of refunds because you're pushing people quite hard. If you push people quite hard, it's because you usually struggle to find the line, >> right? >> And then like which means you're going to have less follow-up sales than normal.
>> Yeah. >> That's just generally speaking how it goes, right? It doesn't have to be that way, but you know, um, so you just got to like, you know, first of all, like, you know, try and I would say have a listen to see if there's like some venom or frustration in your tone. Frustration is the one that makes a good combative most of the time.
>> Yeah. >> Right. So, if you can avoid that just by realizing you're probably not, you know, as smart or cool as what you think you are, you know what I mean? And then just go like, "All right, cool. I'll give him a break." Um, sweet. I do have to go in a minute, guys. Uh, so, uh, Nick, real quick. >> Yeah. Awesome.
Matt, this has been amazing by the way. Thank you so much. Um, I sell uh a level one and a level two course for PTS. I educate PTS. Um, so the level we sell it for like both combined like level one 6K, level two 6K and then I sell it combined like 10K or paid in full is like 5K. But I want to know like what should be the incentive for a pay in full? Like is there a certain percentage of difference in pricing that it should be that's enough as of an incentive for people to pay in full? >> Um it's a it's a good question.
It's probably going to be very market specific to be honest. >> Okay. >> Um like it's it's it's kind of a hard one to answer. Um, I I would say you want to have like you you want to have an incentive that is enough to where I would 20% would be the max. >> Okay. You know what I mean? I think any more than that, your payment plan is probably just [ __ ] to be honest.
It's probably overly inflated. Um, yeah. Sweet. Uh, yeah. Do do this do this last little bit with me. I think everybody's asking about pricing and [ __ ] Book book a consult with Matt if you want to go through your pricing offer like go if we can go like actually through the objection handling bit I guess. >> Yeah, for sure.
>> I'll I'll go through. So, um Okay, cool. So, uh Brody, if you want to be the prospect. >> Sure. >> Just be like normal. So, hey Brody, so you know it's $10,000. How do you want to pursue from here? Uh >> man, look, it's um it sounds great. It'll um >> Why is that running? >> Oh, well, like it's um you know, it's it's it's from where my business is to, you know, where I want to get it to.
It it um Yeah, it sounds like it could work. I just need to run over the finances. >> Yeah. Sweet, man. Money aside, do you feel this could be the answer for you? >> Yeah. Yeah, I think it could. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Is there anything in particular that makes you feel that way? >> Um I guess for me it's it's probably the accountability.
Just like having having the coach there to kind of speak to every day. um haven't really had that before. >> And like why would that help? >> Well, I guess it's just don't feel like I'm really doing it alone then, you know, just actually have um have the support and um that guidance that uh some Yeah, I feel like I'm actually got someone to help me.
>> Like makes sense though, I guess. Like so what are some ways I guess we can come up with the funding to where you can actually get that accountability and have someone, you know, kind of looking over your shoulder and just making sure that things are happening right? Yeah. I I don't know.
I don't know how I'm not really sure. >> Okay. Was it the upfront amount or if we kind of broke that up for you? Like would that help? >> Yeah, it's it's you you can break it. It is the upfront amount. I just don't >> Okay. Well, do you do you want to do you want to have that payment plan kind of conversation? >> Sure. Yeah. >> Sure, man. Yeah, dude.
It's totally normal, right? So, you know, a lot of guys that come to us for training, right, they're kind of allocating resources to areas of their life that might not necessarily be, you know, like driving them towards being healthy. And so, we have to reallocate, you know what I mean? And so, what we can do for a lot of guys is we usually break it up over two payments, right? They're 30 days apart or 5,000.
Would that work more within your current budget or like are we kind of still way off? >> It's probably still a little bit off. >> Okay. Well, like obviously I can't hit a target that I can't see, but if you broke it up over three payments over three months, like would that would that help you? >> You do like a weekly. >> Uh I mean that's difficult for us because we do have to frontload an awful lot of your education like with the coaching and yeah and like do you know what I mean? But like, you know, I guess like just between me, you, no ego, no
nothing. Like what do you actually have on hand to be able to invest into your health and fitness? >> All right. I know maybe a few a few hundred bucks a week, maybe. >> All right, cool. This is where like the nuance of the offer comes into play because I don't know. Right. Right. But I would say like um let's just say I I had a plan that that kind of worked, right? Because this is just like logistics. So Okay, cool.
So like you know um like $500 a week, would that work more within your current budget? >> Yeah. Yeah, I think I could make that work. >> You sure? You could you could just keep doing what you're doing, man. Like maybe you don't need us. I don't know, man. And then right now, like it's funny that the exact role play is exactly where it starts to go into fear.
It's like, yeah, I just I just don't know. Just uh >> yeah, I think like I think I could make that work. >> Okay, so $500 a week in order for us to look over everything, you know, get you back on track and get you going to XYZ, like that works within your current budget. >> Yeah. Yeah, that worked. >> All right.
Well, how do you want to proceed from here? And then it can go into fear, whatever it can go into, right? But the key is that you just lock up that. I don't know if I'm delaying, guys. I'm sorry. Um, I'm just going to turn my camera off real quick. I think it's just [ __ ] around a bit. Um Um, yeah. So, and then and then from there, you just kind of, you know, you would go through like your next series.
But that makes sense as a process. It's quite quick. It's quite clean. It doesn't need to be anything more complicated than that. when it comes to just a pure money objection, right? Like there's >> it's >> I was just about to if I if I was to throw a partner objection in there, could you just quickly role play that last bit? So if it's like you're talking about money, you got this $500, you know, work within your budget and then I immediately before you've kind of rounded out that vertical, I just throw in, >> yeah, would just I just I just guess I
need to speak to the wife. Like, so yeah, but I I would just, you know, I'd go, "Yeah, man. Like, that makes sense, but does this still work? But does this work work within the current budget?" >> Like, I would just ignore it. >> Yeah. Gotcha. >> Like that that like that that's it. >> And then I'm just going to make you say yes.
And then I'm going to go, "Okay, how do you want to proceed from here?" Knowing that you're going to give me a wife objection. I'm going to go, "Okay, and if your wife was on the call, do you feel like you know she would that this is a good move for you?" You know, >> you go, "Why though?" >> Ask him about why. >> Why though? And then I and then I'm going to break them down to like a decision tree of like uh would you or wouldn't you? So if you ask her and she says no, what happens? That's the key decision point because if you probe on that a few times and the real answer is
he cannot move forward without her then you have to speak to her, >> right? >> And I'm sure you'll cover that on on partner that are you asking again why though? So you go whying probing probing all the time. >> Yeah. Cool. >> Okay. All right. Cool. Uh Jeremiah, last question, then I got to bounce, guys. Hope that was helpful, buddy.
>> Man, thanks for doing this. >> Did you post any PDFs or anything like that as far as following frameworks? Because if so, I I haven't been able to find them. >> The Yeah, the objection handling matrix is in the posts, right? But I will repost it, which has got the full framework available.
Um, actually, let me just let me see if I can >> Is it in notion or? >> Uh, it's also in the notion. Yes. But I will let me put it in the chat real quick. >> Thank you. >> Let me see if I can put it in the chat if that's a function that is available. >> Oh, no, it's not. Um, I will pop it in YouTube right after this.
Uh, and then I will put it I will put it in the description of this video because this will be uploaded into the objection handling course um in the uh in the playlist. Okay, >> thanks. >> All right, guys. Awesome. We'll uh speak to you guys uh in a couple days. Bye. >> Thanks, man. Bye. >> Thank you. Cheers. Thank you. Thank you.
