Hey everyone. Hey Rachel. You just unmute. Hey there. How's it going? Yeah, good. Good. Good. Nice note taker. All right. [snorts] I think I have everything working. Hopefully. So, let's let's dive in. Uh Rachel, I know you were saying earlier that you've been taking a peek at some of the recordings, so you've probably got a little bit of a gist of what's going on here.
Um Ahmed, have you jumped on one of my calls? This is my first call with you. Oh, well, welcome. Uh How are you doing? And then uh Harsh, I feel like I feel like maybe you have. You're on mute. Uh yeah, sometimes that happens. You might It's like an audio connection thing. Sometimes you got to jump out, jump back in.
Um all right, so we'll we'll dive in. Um Now, obviously guys, like I can uh you know, I mean, don't feel like you have to hold back on any questions that you have if you don't feel like they pertain to kind of sales EQ. Um however, that's certainly what I enjoy teaching and I would say is my superpower, so to speak.
My area of like the thing that that I feel like I've um has allowed me to do as well as I have been in in sales. And so, as far as that goes, um like I guess the best way to articulate it is um I don't know if if this was just me as a as a ratbag child, but did you guys ever want to go to a party or like just stay out past your bedtime, but you you know, you sussed out what mood your parental figure was in before you asked the question? Yeah, of course.
Anyone Yeah. Yeah. So, like even as a child, we know what. We know that whatever state um our the person that we require permission from is in will affect the outcome. It's going to affect their response, their behavior and influence the outcome. And so, uh a pretty clued-on kid, um a kid with some you know, emotional intelligence or intuitive kid, at least, will uh but I mean, even I suppose kids that aren't are like, you know, probably not the best time to ask.
Or, sometimes you get the kids that go, I'm not going to ask. She seems like she's It doesn't seem like the right mood to ask her. I'll go to dad. I'll go to I'll go ask someone else. Okay? And so, like but then something I see in in sales conversations is that like we we forget that. Um that and so, what I see a lot of is just a lot of us having you know, trying to have the same conversation with everybody that we encounter.
And if we can only have a conversation one kind of way, uh it doesn't mean we won't make sales. However, it will mean that like there's always going to be people that we have effective conversations with and there's always going to be some people that we just don't have very effective conversations with.
And then rather it be this um uh you know, it's just got to be this like gut feel thing, uh humans are very habitual creatures. We know that the internal processes that we have, like perception, perspective, beliefs, conditioning, but certainly just in simplest form, thoughts, feelings, drive you know, that sort of drives the external behavior.
And so, knowing that humans are kind of habitual creatures, if we can get familiar with uh you know, I suppose that the behavioral the external behavioral cues, then we can sort of draw some fairly accurate conclusions around like what might be going on for this person internally and understand them even more than they might understand themselves.
And then we can use that to sort of adapt our approach and and and and ensure that we're just having the most effective conversation we can with this individual in front of us. Does that make sense, guys? Yeah. Yeah. So, we all know how to do this. I think sometimes we get lost in scripts and processes and oh, you know, I've got KPIs to hit or what are my numbers this week and like we lose that, you know, like sometimes I hear reps ask super weird questions and I'm like, if you're sitting down having coffee with your best friend and they said that,
like what would you ask them? Oh, I would ask this. So, it's like, see, you know what to do. It's just sometimes the the context of how this conversation's taking place for some reason, all this stuff just disappears out of our head. Okay? So, [clears throat] that's my little uh little intro for today. So, I'll open it up to you guys.
Just pop your emoji hand up or whatever if you've got questions or have some feedback you want or would like to role play or have a clip of a call you might want to play. And it can pertain to what I'm talking about here, but it also if you just got some general sales help you need, I'm happy to help. Uh all right, Rachel. That was quick.
How can help? Yeah. Um so, I told you I was I'm very new. I just came in today and I'm kind of redoing things. I want to get help each week with most of all of our calls end with money objections. Um so, we have a two-call process. We do money at the end on the second call. Everything's really good.
The program's great. And it's going to work for them until that. Um so, can you help me with what like my biggest lever of getting better at to start overcoming those better? So, that's a really big question, but I think this will be a really good opportunity for everyone here to learn a couple like learn some things.
So, um firstly, what is it you're selling? I think you mentioned it in chat, but I can't remember. I just I apologize. Um coaching the painting contractors grow and scale their companies. Okay, cool. So, coaching. I'm just going to I'll just I'll take some notes so I don't ask people the same things every week.
Coaching for So, you said painting businesses? Yeah. Painting homes. Yeah. And then, what are the specific problems that you help them to solve or and and and the solution What's involved in the solution that you provide in order to help them actually like scale their business? You know, what what Why do they need help or reach out for help? Yeah, so there's two avatars.
People that have never started a business and they want So, they need like the foundation thing, learn the business. And then there's people that's already started and they're stuck and they need to figure out why and then grow and scale and get off the tools. Okay. And team and boards. Um Okay, and then how do you So, you know, different different um a kind of a different set of problems, I suppose, like for the So, you've got two different avatars and that does mean that we're automatically we're going to have a slightly different conversation
with the two of them because they're different problems, right? You know, so a person starting a looking at maybe starting a business is dealing with very different problems to somebody who has started one and and is maybe stuck and not able to grow. So, with the starting the business, um what are the most common sort of problems or pain points that they have that are that are causing them to feel like they might want some some help or even what are some of the main problems or pain points they might encounter that or that they're not even
aware of or consequences they might end up dealing with that they're not even aware of that you can help them to solve and and avoid? Um just the basics. Just like getting leads in and then estimating a paint job and then selling it and then how to get subs to paint, keeping track of their numbers. Okay, so sort of like systems, processes around kind of the different areas of the business.
So, like kind of marketing, sales, hiring, finance, operations, that kind of thing. Yeah. Cool. Um and then anything else? Like Like a lot of times if we're talking about biz op, a lot of the big problem is going to be like um lack of confidence and and doubt, concern around messing up the transition between however they're generating income now and and you know, starting their like a business.
Do you know what I mean? So, there's going to be a lot of that there, too. So, make sure you go poking around for that. Yeah, but I hear that a lot. I don't want to make mistakes. So, I just want a proven path. Yeah. Cool. So, yeah, there's going to be a lot of that then. And then with the stuck in the business, again, that's going to be sort of the systems and processes side of it.
But what what would you say um they're typically experiencing um or you know, again, what are those sort of problems? What are they missing that they're either aware or even not aware of that's causing them to be stuck where they're at, unable to grow or scale or even remove themselves from the business? Um it could be a few things like their margin's not big enough to hire.
They're painting themselves. What did you say? Why not? They're not pricing jobs right. Why not? Um cuz they either don't know how or they don't have the confidence to do it. I see where you're going. Cool. And then um with the systems and and like the processes, uh give me an example. What what's one system or process that they generally don't have implemented in their business that that's sort of holding them holding them back from maybe growing or removing themselves for example.
Yeah, so growing they've only done word of mouth so they have no marketing systems. >> Okay, that's a perfect one and so why is that a problem? Because they're waiting for the phone to ring and they don't have consistent leads coming in. So it's unpredictable. Yeah, and I mean can they are they in control of it or like who's really in control of that? Besides me maybe asking for referrals like how if I decide like all right I want to increase inquiries or leads how how how easy is it for me to do that if my only lead source is word of mouth or
like getting referrals? They don't look like an action plan. Yeah, yeah and even then you know so it's like it's unpredictable and and it's it's I can't scale that. Okay, so right and then how come they're relying on word of mouth only? That's what they've always done and that's what's working. They haven't tried anything else.
Why haven't they tried anything else? Um because it's got them to where they're at so far but now they can't they can't grow any bigger. Got them it was sufficient to get them where they are now but it's not sufficient to get them where they want to go. Yeah. Are they generally aware of that? In your experience? Yeah, I think so because they come on and they just say I don't know what to do.
There's so many different types of marketing. >> How aware are they of like the actual problem with word of mouth only? Some not everybody. All right, so then this is where you really want to start is like kind of what are they looking for and what are those things that are holding them back and like kind of why why why? Generally you'll always end up at like lack of systems process plan strategy and at the end of the day it's like I don't know how.
It's some it's lack of knowledge in like in some form. All right, which is cool now we've got like the like the gap. And so when you were saying and I know this was I just want to understand this stuff because it's going to help me best help you. Now you you had said lowest hanging fruit as far as like getting better. Firstly guys just be aware that the lowest hanging like it depends is your goal to get better or is your goal to increase your sales? Well, getting better will increase the sales if I take care of the person and get better then that will come.
Is it is it the only way to make more sales though? Is it the fastest way and the easiest way to make more sales? I know on another call you said the process is number one and then something else and then better is the third thing. Yeah, the reason I always ask is like a okay cool like for what reason? Oh well I want to make more sales.
Okay, and so it really depends is like skill is the very it's a very noble noble pursuit but it takes time it takes effort it takes energy. Those are the kind of all right what can I do today that will you know will like increase my sales the most over the next two weeks 30 days 60 days 90 days.
So it depends on how quick we want the objective. Now my suggestion is always like kind of have both. Right because they'll compound each other and and increasing your skill is going to increase your efficiency. I can make more money with in less time. Okay, and then we we also want to kind of have a look at like from a from a process perspective too.
So if I'm tracking my numbers have you got a one call sales process? No. Two. Yeah, so if I'm tracking basically from I'm going to be tracking two sets of activity. The first is going to be triage or discovery if that's what you're sort of doing and it's going to be like available slots triages you know scheduled on the calendar held put through to a sales call and then you've got sales calls scheduled held sales made cash revenue that kind of thing.
Well now I can look at it like I don't just now I don't just have my close rate as a metric which is the skill based one. I can look at all of those other close rates or conversion points and if I can look at a way to improve one of those metrics that the closer the top of that process that improvement is made it'll have a compounding effect down the rest of your sales process without you getting any better at sales.
So that's why I was going to just suggest that too is just have a peek and go all right cool like make sure I've got something there to focus on and then as far as your skill goes I kind of use the same thought process. So for example something I'm seeing a lot at the moment is just really ineffective pitches like super ineffective.
Now as far as our sales conversation goes the body of the conversation is quite skill based isn't it? I'm asking questions I'm not like I can control the type of responses I get to an extent but I can't control that completely it's completely up to that person how they respond and so you're constantly kind of you know how they respond depends is going to influence a bit where do I go next where do I go next.
Whereas the actual pitch part of it like once that process is nailed and and effective then it's just about rote learning it and delivering it as consistently as possible each each time and then I've got a few questions in between each pillar like you know is do you feel like that would help you more maybe what you've got in place now in what way cool move on like it's much more controllable.
And so I've been finding a lot that that's a good place to start because a lot of times when I've been listening to calls recently and it's like oh I got partner and I got think about and I got this I'm listening back and I'm like you didn't even get strong buying. Do you feel convinced based on what they've said just there that they're like this feels like the best thing since sliced bread.
Like I am chomping at the bit to do this. And they're like no. I'm like okay. So that's a bigger problem and it's a nice easy way to start. Yeah? Because in my opinion and people might disagree with me that's fine. In my opinion you can have a mediocre sales conversation and the pitch can absolutely freaking slap and they'll buy.
You can have a really good sales conversation and just miss the mark of the pitch and they'll go from thinking like I reckon this is going to be awesome and I'll I'll probably I'm going to want to do it to like ah now I don't really want it. Like you can lose it there. And so it's just a variable to to control.
So I'd say like review that and then my question to you would be at the end do you genuinely feel like if you're asking some variation of do you feel like this is the right answer are they like if yes this feels like exactly what I need. They don't know like before price. >> know if I can afford it but like this sounds freaking awesome.
Before before I go into price You are? Cool. Yeah, before I go into price they're like this is exactly what I need this is this has everything and then I go into price and then it changes. Amazing and guys that's your success metric for your pitch. Is if like 90% plus of the time you're getting yes like this feels like exactly what I need here is why this is what will help me the most like yeah I feel like I can see myself you know making more money having more time or less leave even in the next 30 60 days like
just very grounded very if yes this feels exactly what I need then there's your success metric for your pitch. Mhm. Makes sense? And it's like cool well now I know I'm not dealing with like kind of value on on that product like that's not the problem. Then if we're going to like money now then it depends as well is like is it genuine money logistical money? And the way to know that is well are we sitting there exhausting all possible options? Like they're they're they're like Rachel like I'll give you my bank account logins.
You know what I mean? Like if we can figure this out like yeah cool open to try that finance solution that one that one that one like is that the extent that they're going to or or or what what is that process like at the end there? No and it could be how I'm handling the objections as well. Yeah, okay.
So what do you if we role play it right now I want you to think of what you're hearing most commonly and just try to give me that verbage. I know it's probably going to be a bit different each time but just try to think of like maybe what you've heard most often. Can you do that? Yeah. Sweet. Okay, so yeah I mean based on what you said sounds like this ticks the boxes you know I mean you've convinced me.
Feel this you feel like this is what you need in order to kind of take your business from where you're at now and sort of X and Y and Z so that you can kind of get to X point in in the next sort of six months. So yeah I mean really next step from here will be X and Y and Z. I just would that be appropriate or like where where would where would you like to go from here? Um Yeah, I mean it all sounds good.
It sounds like it would work but um I need to go move money around, or I need to go talk to my partner and I'll get Yeah. Okay. Well, firstly, like that's Hey, that's no problem. Like, if there are some things, you you know, you you feel you want to do, like, you know, you are going to do that.
That's your life, your goals, your business, not mine. You know, I'm just I'm just here to help. Can I ask, like, I guess for you, um, the the the money aside, is is this something that you And and be real with me, you know, is this something that you genuinely feel would would work for you? Or or like, how do you feel? Cuz, you know, I mean, at the end of the day, that's like, that's really the most important part.
Yeah. No, I feel like the program would work. Okay. And and And why? Cuz it has the accountability, and it has the structure, ABC. Okay. And the the accountability, like, why Why do you feel like that? That might help me. Um, I feel like I can get a lot of stuff on the internet. It's just implementing it, and having to implement it.
Got it. And so, I mean, if that doesn't change, um, where we're not implementing, we're not doing the things we need to do to solve XYZ problems so that we can get to our, you know, the point you want to be at in your business, like, I just where might that lead you? I just stay in the same spot I'm in, you know? Okay.
And like, [clears throat] what would that mean to you? Um, I guess I'm just on the hamster wheel still. Yeah. Is that Is that where you want Is that No, that's why I'm on this call with you. Okay. Yeah. And and firstly, I want to say, like, kudos to you for being on this call, because I mean, that says a lot about you. You know, it tells me that, um, you know, you're you're the type of business owner that's at a point where uh, you know, you realize that everything you've done to date I guess got us exactly where we are now.
It's not not going to get us that next level and where we want to be. I suppose, like, the Can I offer a perspective if if you're open to it? Sure. Like, the I'd say the most maybe challenging part, uh, the most uncomfortable part of taking a business from one level to the next, is not so much the things that we have to do, but almost the the who we need to become.
All right, because, you know, would you agree that that the version of you today is is not necessarily the version of you that you need to become, or or that you will be at with a business at that level? Yeah, definitely. >> Yeah. So, there's going to be this transition in in how we think, how we act, and and how we carry ourselves.
And so, everything we sort of talked about aside, cuz at this point, like, my concern isn't with you work with us or not. My concern is that you get the help that you feel you need, and and, uh, you know, we do the things that we need to do in order to go from where we are to where we want to be. Like, are you at that point where you're 100% like like willing to, you know, just draw the line in the sand and go, "You know what? Like, enough is enough.
I've been here way too long. I'm I'm not I'm not willing to waste an an- another minute like looking at myself in the mirror and just and just knowing I'm not doing everything I can to get where I'm telling myself that I want to go." You know, are you at that point? Like, truly, this I mean, I know I need to do that, otherwise I'm not going to grow.
Yeah. Are you are you going to do that though, cuz like, there's a difference between needing to, you know, when it it if someone goes to the doctor and they're smoking, you know, the doctor says, "Oh, you need to stop." And then they, you know, walk outside and light up another ciggy. But it's the person who wants to, throws the pack in the bin, doesn't pick it up again.
Do you know what I mean? So, so I don't I don't want this to be something you feel you need to, like, you're obligated to. I would rather this feel like something you genuinely want to do. Yeah. Um, I do I definitely want to do it. It's just a big big decision. Yeah, it is. Yeah, it's a big decision for a for a uh, you know, a business owner who is looking to to go big places in their business.
Do you know what I mean? Yeah. So, what What What makes you say that, uh, that that like, it's a big decision though? Like, what about What about it feels big? Um, it's just a lot of money at once. Yeah. Okay. And so, the money aside though, like, do you feel like you've come to that point where Like, how do you feel about the decision to actually take your business to the to the level that you want to go? Like, have you decided that is that is absolutely what you want? Yeah.
Yeah, I got I need to get away from, um, painting myself. Got it. So, that decision's made. And then, what about like, when it comes to to actually getting some help? Um, you know, I might seem a bit redundant, but like, do you feel like that decision's been made? Like, hey, you know, I got the awareness to go, realize I don't have all of the answers, and you know, probably going to get where I want to go a little bit quicker if I just like I get a bit of help.
Do you feel like you've kind of that decision's been made, or are you still like a bit on the fence with that? No, I definitely need help. Okay. So, then what's the only decision that's that's left over then? I just got to press the button on sending the money in. Yeah, I guess the question is, like, like, um, what what what is it about that decision that's feeling a little bit a little bit hard? Because you've made the other ones, and and arguably, like, they're pretty big decisions.
So, what is it about this one that is feeling like big, besides just the amount of money? Do you know what I mean? I just have never done it before. Never spent that much money. I got it. Now, you tell me, do you feel like it's completely unreasonable if I'm if I've never done something before, and I might be a little bit feeling like a little bit hesitant? Like, is that completely unreasonable, or is that sort of kind of fair? Yeah, it seems fair.
All right, I'll pull it up there. We could keep going forever. But you can see how pretty quickly it gets into like, ah, this isn't money logistical money at all. Right? Um, and so, I think like, one thing that's really important that I found when I've been on similar offers, is getting, um, obviously earlier on, you know, really getting them to look at, what have they What What is it sort of cost them at this point, and what might it cost them moving forward, like, tangibly? And then, towards the end, when we pitch, and then even in our buying
questions, rather than just does it feel like the right answer? Like, a question I used to say, for example, is like, you know, okay, and just over the shorter term, do you feel like if if we were to help you with X, Y, and Z, can you I mean, can you actually see yourself making more money than you are now, even inside the just the first like 30, 60 days? Or or or how do you feel about that? Like, oh, yeah, for sure.
I mean, if you guys help me out with this and this, like, I mean, I could see that alone kind of doubling my profit pretty quickly. Oh, okay, you know, or they don't give me that uh, explanation. What makes you say that? Okay, because now I'm getting What am I getting? I'm getting them to sell me on I'm getting buying on like, quick results, because that's something that they want.
So, that's why in the pitch, you know, that a lot of them are going to be like, there's going to be uncertainty, and and uncertainty always triggers resistance. So, you just think about, what do people really want? They they want to avoid failure, they want certainty, they want reassurance. And if I can collapse those time frames down, and go, okay, could you see yourself essentially getting a quick win? Could you see your situation being a little bit different, being more better than it is right now, even just in the short term? Obviously, not the
whole goal, just an improvement. In what way? You know? Okay, sweet. So, now we've got the quick win idea. Yeah, um, and then even through your pitch, just those little things, like, just alluding to, you know, now, obviously, um, the reason, you know, as I'm sure you know, like we spoke about earlier, that that like, profit margins really aren't where we need them to be, and and and I think you had mentioned that like, we're feeling pretty strapped cash flow-wise most weeks.
Um, you know, that's pretty common, cuz cuz remember, like, I mean, what what don't we have in place right now? Uh, we don't have Yeah, exactly. We don't have an effective system to understand how to how to price our our services appropriately to ensure that that those those profit margins are where they where they need to be. And so, you know, we'd come in and solve that, and I mean, what do you suppose happens pretty quickly then to your profit margins? Yeah, what's that mean for you? Okay.
So, can you see how that would not only sort of really you know, get you where you want to be in the long term, but even the short term? You got more cash in the bank, and and just more certainty week to week about like, where you are kind of financially. Don't like worry so much about, oh man, like, oh, you know, what what you know, you're not going to have enough at the end of the week kind of thing.
Does it Does that make sense? Yeah. How would that help you? Just even in the short term, having having a little bit more of that that kind of certainty. Oh, yeah, that'd be Yeah, right? That's what they want. So, if I can really Yeah, they want the bigger goal, but really, especially if any of them are stressed, etc.
, like, they want out of this like, this pain as quickly as possible. And so, you know, it might require you talk to the offer owner and stuff like that, just to be about like, you know, kind of what's reasonable based on what we focus on. And but a lot of business coaching offers I've sold in the past, is like, one of the very first things that that they do is sit them down and go, okay, there's some profit, there's some profit, there's some profit, and within a week, they're making more money.
Like, you know? And so, get that context, and that way you can lean on that in the pitch, especially if you know they're a little going to be a bit nervy. And then just get their buy-in on, yeah, cool, I get that makes sense. I can see how that works. And if they can connect the dots logically in their mind, then emotionally, it will feel right.
It will feel safe. And that next step will just kind of it'll just it'll just sort of make sense. Does that help? Yeah. Yeah, that's right. And I don't think I'm sitting long enough in the objection how you did it. So you also Yeah. Like I'm going forward to hear that. I think that's where I would start because that'll be really helpful feedback for you instead of just money.
Sit there and just get curious. Just go, you know what? Like who cares if they actually move forward at this point. My intention is to just get as curious as I can and get as much feedback as I can. I really just want to understand because even if they don't move forward like well now I kind of I'm starting to see more of a pattern of what is actually going on and now I can figure out a way to resolve that.
So just sit there and just what do you mean? Like tell me more about that. Yeah, that's cool. And I just always normalize and hey no big deal and yeah, like I'm just here to help. I'm here to help. I'm not here to hurt you. You know what I mean? Just uh like what's what's going on? And the more they open up you'll start to go ah okay, I I see what's really going on.
Yes. Does that help? So much. Oh yeah, that's bingo. All right. So bit of a deep dive. Does everyone everybody else get something out of that? Hopefully. Yep. Okay, I got more hands up. So that's good. You guys must have got something out of that. So we'll jump to Ahmed. How can I help? Yep. I've seen that you maintain them for 80% of what you're doing there that you maintain a curious tone throughout.
It's like you're yeah, so why are you why what? And there was a flip there that happened maybe at the end there where you switched from curious Laura to coach Laura. Like all right, so given that you're given it all you've done there doesn't it make sense to push forward with that? First of all, is it recommended for for an entire pitch to basically maintain and maintain an accurate tone the way you did there? That's the question there.
Another question is when do you know that you need to make that switch to actually guide them to and push forward? Okay, so there's a couple of things there. Um firstly you said the pitch but that was more kind of navigating concerns through the pitch conviction and certainty. Mhm.
All right, cuz they will they will buy they will feel that and if you're not you don't have enough certainty not enough conviction to neutral to passive whatever even if they can't put their finger on it like they'll feel that. A conversation is an energetic exchange. We're influencing somebody else's state with everything we say whether we're aware of it or not.
I want it to be very intentional because how do I want them to feel at the end of my pitch? Certain. Mhm. Yep. I want them I want them to have conviction in like yeah, I mean I I right? See what I mean? And so the lesson there is and there's a lot of people out there who are like oh tonality is BS and this and that like you just can't convince me that it's BS.
Um you can't convince me. Those individuals can't convince me that they don't adjust their tone when they're speaking to their children or or their partner when their partner is stressed or when their partner is relaxed or angry like you know? Or maybe they haven't figured out how to do that because they think tone is BS and that's probably why they're single.
Do you know what I mean? So like right? But it's like so for me uh I say that because I I really believe that it that it that it is. It's it's how we are it's how we communicate our intention to somebody. Mhm. Because humans have been evolved over a very very long time to uh you know, to read not just hear words but to hear and interpret all kinds of verbal and non-verbal communication. Yep.
>> Yeah? And then if I say something like my tone or body language is incongruent with that like I say um you know, just to see if I can help but my tone my energy is a bit like I want the sale then they won't hear what I've said and even unconsciously they will interpret what I've said it's like this person wants to make a sale.
Does that make sense? Yes, exactly and I think that's exactly what I'm struggling with. It's a bit of some commission there. It's like I can be I can be pushing >> we can talk a little bit about that then and then I want to ask you though and anybody here feel free to chime in. So one of the the parts of that question was like that I'd started off really quite curious and then I started to transition into I would say a little bit more challenging tone.
Any idea why I started with curiosity? Any idea why I started to transition? Just would love you guys' thoughts on that. Well, it seemed like you what you're trying to do there is to get as much of understanding as possible and for her to feel heard. Um also what you did there you made her confirm any any There's other things There's other thing that you did there is like kept pushing money on the side right there.
Like other than the money are you ready committed? And when you made her reconfirm how many times she's committed and you you're basically not pushing her to do anything. She wants to do it. She she's just on the fence. Why didn't I just go okay, that's cool. Um like big decision what do you mean? Why didn't I just kind of go in? You got to make her feel safe.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly because if I So I'll share this with you. You guys real quick just to articulate that. I won't do a big deep dive through this but can you guys see my script see my screen? Yeah. So these lower level the lower level states and they're not good or bad by the way just are they conducive with or not conducive with change? Uh the lower level states from the low courage they're they're all driven by fear in in in some way.
Um it's all about like all to do with survival. And at the end of the day there's different behavioral responses for different these different emotional states but then all but they're all similar in the sense that like for example fear the typical behavioral response is to withdraw. So to that's why you notice if someone's heavy in fear they're like yeah, I just it doesn't feel productive.
It feels like you're trying to help them and they're just trying to run away. They're like yeah, I just look I you really I'm really like I can't I I just got to go think about it got to make you know, they they're like trying to get away. Um yeah, or if if we if we think about um like shame that's like to eliminate self to like hide away.
So if I don't know someone is is incredibly shameful about like I just I'm literally broke and I can't do this or something like that. Like again unproductive they're trying to like hide themselves. They just want to kind of get out of there and like don't stop seeing me. Like you know what I mean? This is really emotionally painful.
And so in knowing that that a lot of the behavioral responses of these lower level states have in some way have something to do with like retreat or remove self from situation and like unresourcefulness then the first thing I want to do is just like kind of start to neutralize that and appease that that part of the brain that at this point in time is feeling unsafe.
Mhm. Because if I don't do that then there's no way it's going to be very difficult for me to then start to shift them into a resourceful state and being open and and in into this direction that we need to to go. Like just think baby steps. Mhm. And we do that you do that by saying yeah, it's okay to feel that way but >> Yeah, exactly. I'm normalizing it.
Like notice when when Rachel opened up and was like oh, I've never done anything like this before. I'm always saying some variation of like I'm I kind of like treat it like ah yeah, well I mean that makes sense. Yeah. >> I firstly appreciate being open and and honest with me. You know, I can't solve problems I don't know about all right but also I mean you tell me.
Mhm. Is it is it unreasonable for someone to feel a little bit hesitant about doing something that they've not done before or is it kind of reasonable? And I treat it like this silly thing that's like like it'd be it'd be so silly if anyone was like that's unreasonable. I'm just like that is the just the most normal and most reasonable thing in the world.
So they can kind of be like they kind of like huh ah okay, yeah. I like now this big deal is starting to become a smaller deal. It's like that's sweet. That's all good. You know what I mean? So it's like a lot of that I just there's a lot of like the intonations. I'm very relaxed and like curious and easy going and I'm having a bit of fun and because how do I want them to feel? I want that.
I want them to feel that way. So I'm just energetic exchange, yeah? Yep. >> Like and then I'm influencing their perception. Ah okay, she's not pushing me. Ah okay, she she feels this she feels like she's genuinely interested in me. She actually wants to help me. Um you know, uh like so I'm you know, I'm influencing that perception that they're more influenced.
Their feeling and their nervous system will start to calm kind of like chill out, right? Now we can have a productive conversation. And then as I can tell they're starting to just like open up a bit a bit bit more a bit more then I just start to gradually shift them towards and it depends on how thick if that's the right word like how thick I feel like the fear is there.
Um like Rachel wasn't super open. I would say that like I'd still have concern and some concerns there but you know, I don't have all day to role play, right? So but I but I so I'm going to gradually start to shift a little bit and I'm just checking responsiveness. I want to make sure we're still moving in the right direction.
Yeah, I don't want to move too fast and push this person to to commit to themselves even program aside because I might retrigger this again and now they kind of like retreat again. So, it's like I'm just inching them forwards and so notice what I did around like remember willingness to draw the line in the sand kind of enough is enough like when we talked about the decisions, you know, you feel like the decision's been made where you actually like you want to um actually grow the business.
You feel like you would want some some help. So, that's all around like willingness but also acceptance, yeah, like I've accepted, yeah, I I do need some help. And all of these higher level states are all focused on future possibility, growth, um development, like so notice with the questions I'm asking, the things that I'm saying, I'm I'm I'm directing what? I'm directing their focus.
Mhm. And as long as I can just keep inching their focus in the right Yeah. direction That's exactly what you did there. It's like on the money. What do you think about it? But yeah, also it's not just like disregard it. Yeah, like okay, cool, money aside though. I'm like, yeah, that's sweet.
Like I mean, can I ask like the I guess the money aside for a moment cuz, you know, really this is the most important part. Like how how do you actually feel about like what we've what we've gone over? So, you know, some people are will just be very flippant with that and I don't want them to feel like, hey, well, let's ignore the money like it's not a thing and and whatever.
It's just kind of like well you know, I just I just want to know do you actually feel like this would work cuz honestly if you don't feel like it would, I'm going to be the first to say don't do it. Mhm. You know, like I'm not attached to whether you get our help or not. I just really would want you to get the help that you feel like you need to to get where you want to go.
If that's with us, awesome. You know what I mean? Like I got no doubts we can get you there but it's not my life and my goals and my business. If you don't feel like that we're the right people to help you and you feel like there's someone else out there that's going to put you in a better position to get where you want to go and that kind of thing like like I will high five you.
I will support that. You know what I mean? That's kind of how I come at it from. So, again, it's the intention behind it. People can sniff that out. Mhm. Ever been frustrated and tried to pretend like you're not? All the time. Yeah. Um you know, have [clears throat and snorts] you have you got a question on it? Yeah, just a comment on this.
I think that's where I get in my head thinking like you didn't do a good enough job selling it. Like the reason they don't want the thing is because like your discovery up until this point has sucked. You know, like a good sales person like that's probably just a story. A good sales person Yeah. So, that's a Firstly, I appreciate your openness and and you know, sharing that with the room here because I feel like we could all put our hands up and and say like, yeah, I've I've definitely been having that kind of conversation with myself before.
I've had that plenty of times. You know what I mean? And so firstly, it does say a lot about you. It says that you take a high level of like accountability. Do you know what I mean? Like the outcomes are on me. Something that admittedly I've only started to learn more and more recently is that there's things that it makes sense for us to take accountability for and take ownership for and there's things that don't.
So, for example, I think something I've done throughout a lot of my life is take a lot of ownership for things that I actually can't control as well as the things that I can and sometimes maybe not for the things that I that I can, right? But for example, like in that scenario, there's a couple of things that come up for me is is well, at the end of the day, can you control whether they buy or not? No.
>> No. Despite what anybody says, you cannot control your close rate. You cannot control whether they buy or not. Like all you can control is what? Process. >> Yeah. Even Matt Ryder, come on. 100% he'll say it. He's like, guys, like there's there's and I mean he doesn't fix numbers but he'll be like there's always 10% of people who will be like, I don't care what you have to say, take my money.
There's 10% of people that will never buy and there's kind of the 80% in the middle that we just got to do the best that we can to help them kind of move forward. Now, those aren't rigid numbers, you know what I mean? It's definitely not 10 and 10 and 80 but it's like it just to give you an idea is that like you can't control it.
All you can control is yourself and so that is like my thoughts, my emotions, my behavior, my skill set. Like those are things that I can control and or certainly the things that I do to develop my skill set. For example, okay? Because to an extent, I can't control even whether I get better at something, can I? Like I can do learn and and practice something over and over and and and I might not get any better.
Like there is a possibility of that, right? Now, the reality is that that's pretty unlikely. The more time and and effort you put into developing a skill like it'd be weird that you wouldn't get better at it but I'm just saying [clears throat] that like you still can't control that. What you are controlling is the things that you do. And so with that it's like I think something I think rattles sales reps confidence sometimes is like that.
We make this blanket statement around well, like if they don't buy, then like that that's on me. Do you know what I mean? Like that that and because I got to take ownership, right? And so yeah, you do. But what are you actually taking ownership of? Rather than take ownership of that they didn't buy, it's about looking at like, okay, well, what what do I feel like I did well? What do I feel like I didn't like I didn't do so well? What didn't go so well? What did I learn and what what I feel like I could do differently like next time based on that? Where could I
improve? And then own that. Mhm. Now, I can never know for sure whether it's that thing that was the reason that they didn't buy. I can't know for sure. All I can say is like, look, it's a possibility that might have been a contributing factor and so just to ensure that that's not a a potential contributing factor to future no sales, like I'm going to take care of that.
I'm going to resolve that problem. Okay? Does that make sense? But I can never even know for sure whether that's the reason they didn't buy. What what about >> Okay, so yeah. What about refunds? >> Pardon? Refunds. Same thing. Like I had a rep the other day beating himself up cuz he's like, man, I just like I just found out that I've got a 5 to 8% refund rate and you know, in my head I'm like, well, I must have pushed them, you know, like I must have been too pushy.
And I was like, well, well, firstly, hold on. 5 to 8% out of how many people? Like if it's 5% of a million, not such a big deal. If it's 5% out of 10, okay, that's a big that's a Do you know what I mean? It's like what what what is that? And then also like there's a a number of things that um can in induce refunds like and again, I come back to it.
It's like, can I control whether someone sticks or or doesn't stick after I help them take the steps? Can I control that? Entirely? Like 100% can I control that? No. No. But but you can influence Well, definitely. Cuz last month last month I had a 50% refund rate. That's extremely high. That is that is that yeah, that is very high.
And so like in looking at that though, like it's it's it's unreasonable to just look at a number like that and on and and go like, well, that must mean that must mean I'm too pushy. Like I don't know that. Like I need to investigate that. Is there some evidence that suggests that maybe I am being too pushy? Yeah? And it might be the case that like, ah, yeah, actually there is some evidence.
You know, there's I've noticed a pattern in some messages I'm getting from people that's maybe indicating that, okay, maybe I was too pushy. And that might be part of the reason that they're wanting to to refund. You know what I mean? You've got to get the evidence. What does the evidence tell me rather than just oh, I feel.
And so in that instance, yes, that is high but like I'm not like, oh man, I must be terrible or way too pushy. Like, you know, we would need more questions than that. To me, well, first question is out of how many? 50% out of how many? Out of um well, I did did about 12 closes, six refund. Okay. And so I got a bunch of questions around that.
Firstly, is did you get the like do you know what the reasons for the refunds were? They always say it turns out I don't have enough money to be able to do this and I I'm not going to be able to make it today if I don't get my refund. How soon after starting are they are they doing that? Two two three days. Okay.
And are they just doing a down payment or have they got like a payment plan set up or what's the story? There's a payment plan like so it's a it's five grand offer and the payment plan is $1,000. So, they pay one grand with me and they're supposed to pay continue the Okay. And then what's the process after you take the money? After after we take the money, we send them send them a we send them an email with a contract for them to sign and then there's after they sign the contract, they're supposed to get the content and move from there.
They're supposed to get the content. How soon are they authorizing like the agreement so that they're getting access to the content? Uh next day. Like uh we do the close right now and next day they >> boarding call? Um there's the onboarding call is booked booked after they sign the agreement. So, on average, how long is it between someone paying money and having the onboarding call.
Um I think it's a week. Yeah, too long. Have you looked at the contract? Have you looked at the contract and the the wording in it? I haven't looked at the contract. No, I've been I've been in this for for the last 2 months. I would look at that because like what it's a pretty easy thing for me to say that oh, like I thought about this and like I actually can't afford it.
Like that's a pretty easy out, isn't it? Because can you log into my bank account and confirm whether that's true or not? No. No. So, it's pretty safe. And so, a lot of times that might be um a a way just a more comfortable way to say, "Hey man, I've had a change of mind." than tell you like what's really going on.
And then my question is like, "Okay, well, what what might be causing them to feel like it's unsafe to tell me what's really going on?" Now, it might be the case, but I would think that for six people out of 12 to turn around and go, "Oh, actually I can't afford it." I don't I don't know if I buy that. Um that just seems a bit I don't know. I just I don't buy that.
Um what Oh, there there was something else I was going to ask. So, I'd have a look at the contract and just check is there any wording in there that's likely to just freak people out? Um and then uh there was something else I was going to say. Yeah, the onboarding call seven like a week later [clears throat] like too too long.
Really, you want someone having an onboarding call within same day, next day, worst case 2 days. And I want them with to authorize the agreement on the call. They're going to authorize that. I'm going to kind of talk Authorize the agreement on the call. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And like I should know what's in that so I can I can kind of sort of talk them through it, make sure they're kind of comfortable with that.
If there's anything that might potentially freak them out, I can I can almost have like a little agreement script for myself. How I can just make sure that they feel comfortable and understand those sorts of things. And then that way before I even get off the sales call, I can confirm they've got access to the content and they can log in because the sooner someone feels like they've gotten started the better they feel about their decision.
Now, they're going to start to justify that decision. And that's going to give them clarity. Now, they're seeing things. It's feeling tangible, which is going to give them certainty. And the opposite of that is what creates resistance. Mhm. So, Yeah. We we think I have another sales rep and he's not getting as many refunds I am.
Yeah. So, I think that also means that I'm I may be too pushy. Cuz Potentially. Potentially. Like what um how do you finish off the end of the call? Like Like can you role play with the end for me? I'll be a prospect. And actually can someone here be a prospect for for Ahmed? Yeah, I don't mind. Can you? I see you.
Who who Oh, Angel. I I can't I can only >> Angel, I'll I'll get distracted so Yeah. I I don't Do you know I resolved your question earlier about Oh, you did. I had another question, but I have to go in 5 minutes. Yeah, that's okay. You can ping me. Feel free to just message me on Facebook so you don't forget your question. Oh, thank you.
And that way you can always still get it answered. Thank you. Um all right. Angel, can you be a prospect for Ahmed? And I just want to hear the end of the call like, you know, you've gone over the pitch and all of that. You're basically asking for the sale. Here Here's the next steps and From here, I already asked from scale of 1 to 10 and they said they were All right.
So, Angel, so Oh, Angel's stuck on mute. Angel's stuck on mute. I don't know. You were unmuted a second ago. Thanks, Rachel. Just jumping cuz you're only here 5 minutes. All right. So, Rachel, based based on all all that you just told me right now, you seem pretty eager to move forward. So, >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so uh what do you want to do now? >> [clears throat] >> Um Am I giving him >> Say you want to do it.
Yeah, um yeah, I want to move forward. Wait, pause for a sec. Uh these people that end up refunding Ahmed, did they say, "I'd like to move forward." or was there any some objection handling that that happened with them? There was um the objections are usually I'm not sure I need time to think it over and I work through that in order to get tied back that they're really hesitant.
They're not It's not It's that they really believe in this. However, they're feeling a little hesitant. And if they're feeling hesitant now, they'll feel hesitant later. So, you can they can move forward. >> I'm just mindful of time cuz I've got another training to like to get to, but I can definitely help you to resolve this, but I think one immediate thing that you can change is is just like walk them through and and and help them to sort of get the agreement like authorized and just if there's any point in there that you
might want to point out and kind of just have a really relaxed way of kind of wording like that. Um you know, and like for example, sometimes there's clause in there that are like absolutely no refunds under any circumstances once you access the content because obviously we don't people want people to steal their IP, yada yada yada.
You can be like, you know, if I point that out, I might be like, um you know, cuz I'm I mean I'm sure you're you're this isn't you, but you know, there's been times where I know what goes on with people. They they log in, they just kind of take everything and suddenly it's out there in like a black market, right? You know what I mean? So, that one that one just kind of takes care of that.
So, I try to anything that's a bit scary, I just make it I just relax it and make sure they understand like kind of why it exists cuz if it makes sense in someone's mind, now it's less scary. And then making sure once they kind of authorize that, um then help them to get access to the portal cuz I want to make sure that you can kind of get get you know, I want to make sure that you can get access, make sure that you can log in so you can kind of get started right away.
And I'd suggest that just give them like a piece of homework. So, maybe there's just a start here video or maybe there's a couple questionnaires. Like give them some homework to do. And then if they're not able to book their onboarding call until they've done those first two things and I mean I want to make sure they've got their onboarding call scheduled as well.
And so, now I'm controlling that process. If the agreement's authorized and they've got access to the content on that call, well, now I can make sure they get that onboarding call in and I can give them a piece of homework to do before the onboarding call and all of that is immediately going to help them to feel a lot more like like better about the pro Yeah, exactly.
Rather than they're able to now sit in this space of like, "Well, I've not signed anything. I've not accessed anything. I've not had any calls. Like do I really want to do this? Is this still room?" It feels like there's still kind of like an an an out and they they can end up in that thought loop.
So, I think just with the time that I've got to help you, that's just something nice and simple um that you can sort of like implement. Um that will help a lot. Well, I mean, when you say onboard, I mean I just make sure that they get access to the agreement, um call, authorize that. And then next step, let's make sure you're able to log in, get you logged in.
Okay, now now that you're logged in, see that first video there it says start here. All I want you to do at this point is just kind of go through that. Okay, that's going to give you a lot of clarity about like next steps from here. Okay, and then last thing before we go, um just to make sure, you know, there's no scheduling issues or whatever.
I want to make sure you can get in to speak with uh you know, to have your onboarding call with your coach like as soon as possible cuz again, that's going to give you a lot of clarity and they're going to kind of give you some one, two, three most important first steps to make sure we can start solving this problem and getting you towards results quickly as possible.
So, have you got your schedule handy? Let's pull up that. Let's get that booked in. And cool, that's all out of the way. Shouldn't It really shouldn't take um too too long uh at all to do that. Yeah. Thanks, Laura. That's cool there. Okay. And then jump back on cuz I can definitely help more and then like just have a listen back to am I am I pushing them in? Am I leading them in? Like I'm I'm I'm kind of like, "So, you're ready to go.
" and it's very one-way questions. Or is it more like um you know, so do you feel like you'd want me to help you sort of take the next steps or where would you like to go from here? No, I'm I'm definitely I do the a bit of that. >> to feel like they've got an out. No, that the way I usually do this is there's there's an assumed close there.
Okay? So, the only thing I really need from you right now, do you want to use your current email or another email? I was like, "Yeah, well, I'd rather Right. So, write your billing address and we can move forward." And then I move forward with them three three minutes. >> Yeah.
So, that that can trigger buyer's remorse as well where I'm just kind of Okay, so is it Is this your correct email? And then, you know, what's your surname? And okay, and and is it like a credit a debit card? Okay, what what's like you see how I'm just little step by little step inching them into it without like they don't now feel like they're in control.
And if they reflect on that off the call and feel like, "Hey, I don't genuinely feel like that was my decision." then yes, that can very much like regret it. So, even just simple things like they say, "Yeah, I want to move forward." and just a little, "Are you sure?" "Yes, I'm sure." Okay, if you're sure. Even that. My question They're like the two things that I'd look out for you.
Okay? Yeah, right. Thanks, Laura. All right. All good. Did uh did everyone get something out of today? These are really good questions. They're all quite in-depth. Yeah, thanks so much. Great call. All right. And if you need any clarity or or whatever on anything that I that I've said, like Rachel, I know you I gave you a couple things.
Um feel free to just like ping me so you don't have to wait all week to to just clarify feedback that I gave you today. Um yeah, happy to help. All right. See you guys next week. All right. Where do we ping you? Um on our Facebook. If there was a question that you had that you didn't get that didn't get asked, rather than forget what it was and never ask me, you know, I'm happy for you to ping me.
If it's pretty quick and easy for me to answer, I'll do that. If it's a bit more complex, I'll tell you to just come on the call next week and and I can answer it for you then. Okay? Yeah. All right, cool. See you guys. Thanks a lot.
