Hey guys, what's up? Matt here from
Coffee is forclosers. We have a very
special yet somewhat exclusive podcast
for everyone today. We have Will Henson
in town from the US. We have Mr. Pat
Stewart from K9 Paradigm Fame. Um, and
that one YouTube video that we did
that we said we were going to do
regularly one time.
Real regularly enough.
If we do, this is two.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is two.
Well, we did another one, but it didn't
record.
Yeah,
my bad. Yeah, my bad. Boug's fault.
Anyway, so um uh everyone here is part
of Sales Sniper now. Everyone here is ex
special operations. The only one who
should be here is Ben. However, we
didn't have a fourth chair.
It's a logistics problem.
Yep. There was a logistics issue. I
blame Ben because he is the C.
Yeah, it was Ben's job.
He had one one.
Um so what we're going to talk about is
sales, persuasion, military, probably
lots and lots of anchor man references.
And uh yeah, enjoy.
If you listen to this podcast, you will
make your first million within 3 years.
I'm going to repeat that. You will make
a million dollars within 3 years of the
first episode you listen to.
We don't want pikers. We're not here to
save the manatees. We're here to make
podcasts. You really want this. You
listen and review.
Put that coffee down.
All right. So, Will, when did you get
in?
Uh, I got in this morning. So, I've been
up for roughly coming up on like a day
and three quarters with about three
hours of sleep.
Okay. Which is, you know, for a little
mini Red Bull time.
Yeah. They say it's the best formula for
a good podcast is is sleep deprivation.
Well, the last one you had co
I had co I don't even remember what got
asked and what I said. Nobody should
listen to that podcast. This one remains
to be seen.
We'll put the um link up here.
Yeah. the one that just says don't
listen to it. So, if you click on that,
that's on you. That's like the uh your
phone has been in has a virus. You
should click on this like you know what
you're doing.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm not aware of the
websites that cause that. However, I
have heard of them. Um something to do
with a hamster. I don't know. Um okay.
So, uh you guys have sort of not really
met.
No, we just met outside.
Yeah. Congratulations on the enormity of
your success of, you know, being the
tripod in the pyramid. So I'd love to
I'd love uh will to give everyone a
background of yourself and then pack and
learn and we can all learn that we're
all relatively similar human beings.
Yeah. So spent 10 years special
operations community of that time. Five
of that was in the Marine Corps. Came up
through as a recon marine. Uh was there
as kind of like the transition into Mars
happened and all that stuff. Did a whole
bunch of deployments there. Got out.
Thought I was going to be a travel
writer. Went back to school. Was surfing
in Southern California twice a day. and
then got a call from an old friend who's
like, "Hey, man. I've got this kind of
thing that I'm on overseas. We're
working for the folks that we're working
for. You want to come over?" And I was
like,
"Yeah,
seems very vague to say we're working
for the folks." Have they Have they
changed names numerous times?
I'm not even sure what you're talking
about. So, he's like, "Hey, it'll take
you about nine months to get this
clearance. In that time, I'll plug you
into some stateside stuff." So, I ended
up kind of training folks that were
getting ready to deploy, doing that with
a bunch of really good friends. and then
deployed a whole bunch more after that
for the next 5 years. Got out and then
started up my first business. Uh we've
talked about this. Matt and I have a
shockingly similar background. So
I got out and I was like, "Ah, cool. I
have no I have a business degree, which
is basically that degree should have
said speed and Googling before the timer
runs out because that's how I answered
all those questions." So started up a
gym, built that up, then sold that to a
venture capital firm, then was CMO. by
the way, incredibly impressive to sell a
gym to a venture capital.
I So that was a bit of dumb luck if I'm
honest about it.
Oh, I believe it.
So it was it was pure because no venture
capital firm is like, "Oh, yeah, I want
a series of gyms."
Yeah.
Like a series of poorly cash flowing,
lowprofit entities that require a
tremendous amount of people and
infrastructure to run.
Yeah. Exactly. Right. As you well know.
No, no, we got lucky. So that one was
interesting, right? Because I think in a
gym, as you well know, like you can run
that as well as you possibly can. It's
still a tough business to make work.
So, I was in a town where they had it
was like our next biggest, I don't know,
rival or whatever you want to call. It's
like gyms, who cares? But they were
like, you know, kind of one of our folks
that we were competing against and like
totalable total adjustable market, all
that stuff. They had partnered with a VC
firm. They had a national idea. They
were going national with it
and they wanted to acquire the next like
the we were their target, right? They
wanted to own Ann Arbor, Michigan, which
is where I was. So, because of that,
they they started to approach. I got a
little bit lucky. They thought they were
going to just steamroll me, and they
would have I would have gotten just
absolutely crushed. The the X factor
into this is my brother-in-law. My whole
wife's family is much smarter than I am.
So, he was the at the time, he was the
top mergers and acquisitions attorney
for software companies. Okay, that's in
Chicago.
That's handy.
So, he uh he walked me through that
sale. It was an incredibly frustrating
experience for me. It had a good
outcome, but the whole time like I I
would have gotten just annihilated.
Yeah.
And they they knew that. They just
didn't expect it. So, I got lucky. Uh
then my daughter was born, became a
full-time sales guy because I was like,
I can't run a company and be a good dad
at the time. Like, I just knew like I I
kind of overly commit.
Yeah.
And then just go hard in the paint as we
probably all do. And I I was very
concerned at that point in time that I
was going to be a good dad. So I was
like, "Oh, I'll go to work." What I
thought I was going to do, it's like,
I'll go work for somebody else, help
grow their company for, you know, three
to five years until my daughter goes to
school. And then at that point,
I will have thought of something of the
next venture, making sure it doesn't
compete with whatever I've been doing
just out of, you know, integrity and
being a semidecent human. And then I'll
go start that up and and go from there,
which all changed. And here I am.
Yeah. And Pat,
uh,
similar rundown.
Well, not this similar, I suppose.
Shocking.
Yeah. 12 years in special forces went
straight into
12 is more than 10.
It is. It's two more. 12 and a half. 12
and a half if we're going to push it.
Uh I broke my back in 2011 and so that
was kind of like I was on the downward
spiral from there. So I stuck around for
4 years after that and was on like a
critical skills waiver doing you know
niche stuff that they couldn't. It
started out they were like oh Pat we'll
look after you and like keep you around.
But then the guy who was meant to
replace me got killed in action. So it
was like oh like we do we we do actually
need you to stay here. So yeah I stuck
around and then kind of ventured into
the dog space and was into that sort of
you know long story short was over the
the four years that I stayed in and
couldn't deploy but was in training
roles and and admin like I was the
platoon s like I was the sniper patoon
sergeant. I basically kind of figured
out how to turn my hobby into a job and
my wife was a really successful uh
tattooist at the time. Um, and so when I
left the army, it was like we're going
to have a kid. Same deal. We, you know,
and I was going to be mostly home dad
and she like she was going to have a
career and I was going to have a job.
And then at a few years in, it kind of
turned around and her body started to
fall apart cuz, you know, tattooing is a
really limited thing. You can only do it
so much. And then I started a podcast
with a friend of mine, Glenn, and it
went the other way. It was like, okay,
now you she's got a job that she tattoos
now and again. And then I had this
career in dogs but co just for everybody
right so like mostly I was working in
the states teaching seminars that kind
of stuff it's really limited in what I
do like it's not very what I do in dogs
is not very popular in Sydney or in
Australia really so I have a really
limited kind of market here and the US
market it's worldwide it's a huge market
but like in any one spot it's not really
there so it requires a lot of travel so
co just kind of put an end to that and
now that like you know pandemic's mostly
over and we can travel again I'm just
kind of not in a position to do that
like I just don't and I don't really
want to be traveling right now. It just
doesn't seem like a wise time to be
constantly going overseas, you know, at
like two weeks of every six. Doesn't
seem like a wise time with a six-month
old baby. We had, you know, we had
another kid and like the idea that you
there's a war in Europe currently. It
just doesn't seem like
there is
it just doesn't seem like a wise time to
be spending big chunks of time from away
from home.
So that's interesting, man. Like because
I think I one of the things that I
resonate with is like for me it was like
oh I shouldn't be running a company
because I'll be a bad dad. And that
actually switched for me,
right? And I and I kind of found that
that homeostasis or balance that worked
for me. What was the thing that shifted
for you where you're like, "Oh, I don't
want to be traveling anymore."
Well, so when RIP, my oldest son, was a
baby baby, I you know, no one wanted me
to travel. No one knew me. that wasn't
on the cards and I was home a lot and
spent you know like the the kind of time
that you can't get back uh with kids and
you know so like my current my current
baby son Axel he's six seven months old
and they're different every week it's a
different yeah the milestones happen
every week and I just didn't want to
miss any and as RP got older and he was
probably three before I started you know
really traveling and would be gone for 2
3 weeks at a time regularly not that
much changes in that time and he handle
missing you and he doesn't like you know
it's not as big an impact on a kid uh to
be gone for that period of time but like
right now you know a a two weeks to a
six-month old is a big percentage of
their life and they really change and so
I I find myself thinking pretty
critically about you when someone
invites me to come overseas money is not
a big motivator for me I know that's a
that that's a weird thing to say on this
podcast in this business
right
um and I've never you know make plenty
of money, make a lot of money, but it's
which is probably why it's not a big
thing.
Yeah. And and I say from this incredible
position of privilege, you know, having
an army pension and blah blah blah,
like, oh, I'm not worried about the
money and it's because I'm like I get a
bunch of it, right? Like and I and and
you know, I worked my
I'm not worried about watches either,
you know what I mean? But
or new cars,
but so it became more now like I find
myself when people ask me to, you know,
travel to do stuff, I'm like, how much
money is in that? because like it's got
to be worth my while to go. Where it
used to be like, yeah, that sounds like
fun. Like, why not? I I'll totally come.
Now I've like I do a big costbenefit
analysis and it's much, you know,
there's a lot more in the stayhome pile
than there is in the travel pile uh or
column. So, yeah, that's that's kind of
it. And and so, you know, I've come on
board here cuz I just like hanging out
with Matt and he he made up a fake job
for me. So,
but you're doing really well,
which I'm killing it at. My fake job.
Yeah.
Yeah. I bought we got a chair.
Yeah, I got a chair. I mean, that's a
winner as it is.
I set up a I bagged a spot in the
office.
I So, I think I think it's it's really
funny though because a lot of like mine
and yours progression and mine and yours
progression like we've obviously known
each other for I mean, God, it's got to
be 15 years.
Maybe 17 years.
You were at my house when I came home
from Afghanistan in 2005.
So, yeah. Like,
was that at the party?
Yeah.
So, the first time I met Pat, right? Me
and Pat were not friends to begin with,
right? Pat's a little bit chill, more
chilled out than what he used to be. I'm
probably a lot less annoying than what I
used to be. And uh I remember I was
wearing like we're at a party and I was
just wearing like a Letterman jacket cuz
it was like a USA high school back to
school.
Back to school. So I had my Letterman
jacket from high school, which obviously
very rare thing over here, but I still
had it and I wore it and I just had that
with like shorts and no shirt. And he
goes, this is the first time I ever met
him. He goes, "You're not fat. You're
just blank."
And I was like, "Who the is this guy
really?"
Yeah. So, that was the first time, but
like but then like, you know, we became
friends and we we can so we can tell the
story offline about about how Pat became
to respect me as a human, but um then
sort of like became closer friends like
as we got out of the army and I started
training and stuff like that. But then
um like we had a very distinct at the
same time both of us were like Pat was
like oh I'm going to try and be the guy
in the dog industry and I was like I'm
going to try and be the guy in the sales
industry. Both of us had the exact same
approach which is we would just do a
metric boatload of content which is
purely designed to give value. Then from
there we will try and take market share.
It was the identical strategy. I would
say Pat was probably a year ahead of me.
I sort of I think I I got the idea from
stuff that you were doing. I was like oh
[ __ ] that's working over there. Yeah.
And so Pat very quickly took a lot of
market share within what you were doing.
Yeah.
Do you want to kind of explain that?
Well, so we, you know, a friend of mine,
Glenn, who I was training dogs with, you
know, just kind of bite work is tricky,
you know, you need multiple people and
that kind of stuff. So we were just kind
of, we had no business interest together
at all, but we just would train dogs.
Uh, he did a podcast with someone else
and I think he got the bug for it and
was like, "You want to start a podcast?"
And and I was and and in the dog
industry at the time there weren't many
at all. And so we were
industry. I think that's
a multi-billion dollar industry. If you
want to count pets, it's madness. Yeah.
Like if you count pets, it's a
multi-billion dollar industry when you
get into food and all of that kind of
stuff. And so yeah, he got the bug for
the podcast and was like, "Hey, you want
to start a podcast?" And we had a couple
of false starts, but then eventually we
got it going and it became really
popular. Um, and so in the dog space,
it's probably the most or not the most,
it's one of the most popular podcasts.
We get about 40,000 downloads an
episode. Okay. Um,
Yeah. And that kind of just sort of
bought me authority in that space. Like
I'm good. I am good on the tools, but uh
I'm a better teacher and that's what you
to people. Like I'm better at
instructing how to do that kind of
stuff. And so it gave me the leg up of
people being able to go like yeah he
knows what he's talking about but he's
doing a good job of explaining it to me
in audio only. Imagine what he could do
like with dogs. And I've got a lot of
online I got a lot of me actually
training dogs content but people need
help physically. So that's kind of the
limitation and the bottleneck when you
talk business-wise is like I create and
I got told not to do this by my mentor.
My mentor in dog training was this guy
Bart Bellen who you know is arguably the
most famous best dog trainer ever. And
right when he kind of trained me he was
like I'm not going to do seminars
anymore. So it was like perfect timing
like I just kind of slotted in and got
to steal his credibility essentially or
he lent to me his credibility. But the
issue is, you know, no matter how much
content you put out and I have an online
course, it's done really well that got
us through co and all that kind of
stuff, but there's always demand for
in-person training like people and as a
decoy, like I'm mostly in the bite work
space. You someone's got to get bitten,
right? And that's like it's been weird
because I kind of got to this pinnacle
and and it's been annoying with co like
my career was headed in a particular way
and it's not that I wanted to get to
there. It was like I could see where it
was going. I'm happy to, you know, can
fall kind of anywhere, but I could see
where it was going and now it's
impossible because my dog got old. The
things I was going to do with him, I
can't do like it just kind of a lot of
things outside of mine or anyone else's
control. It's kind of changed it quite a
bit. Uh, which is very frustrating. But
we still have the podcast, still do it,
and I'm still very much in the dog
space. I'm still doing seminars and
stuff. I'm just more particular about
where where I do them and when I do them
and that kind of stuff. So, there was
something you said that I uh perked my
ears up, especially with this crowd,
right? Which is you're like, "Yeah, I'm
really good on the tools, but I'm also
very good at explaining it."
And I think that tends to be pretty
consistent with a lot of our group. I
would love to hear from from your
perspective as well as Matt's
perspective because I know what my
process is on taking stuff in so where I
understand it well enough that I can
then go teach it in a way that can be
easily consumed, taken in, and then like
exponentially put people ahead.
I would love to hear from both of you
guys kind of how you view that process
for yourself personally to get to the
point where you can teach it.
Well, I like to I think I'm relatively
obsessive, which is I think very
similar. Like me and Pat once were like,
"Hey, you want to lose weight?" We're
like, "Yeah, okay. We'll have a
competition to see who can work out the
most in 60 days."
And so we had these MEP meters, you
know, like the like the it was, you
know, you get like points, right? You do
a heart rate thing and depending on what
heart rate you have is like how many
points you get. So I bought an assault
bike and like you can it's like live
updates, right? And so I'd finish an
hour workout on the salt bike just
punishing it and then I would log into
my app and I would see him working out,
walk straight back down, right?
Right.
It actually got unhealthy.
Oh, yeah. It was ridic like I was
working out. I was working out four to
six hours a day whilst doing full-time
everything. This is whilst doing sales
calls and then like Pat ended up beating
me and like the last day I was like I'd
worked out 48 hours prior. I'm now
mathematically eliminated,
right? Like I I can no longer win. And
so I'd called the boys and I was like if
you see Pat or talk to him just be like,
"Hey, did you I saw Matt running like
down there. This is so weird. like
what's he doing like that?
So he he told me he he called like he
called at 48 hours early. I was like I I
can't in the time that I have even at
max points I cannot catch up to where
you are. And I was like that sounds like
something someone who's trying to trick
me into being complacent would say. So
until the midnight of the actual
challenge ending, I was out running hill
sprints until midnight, right? Like I
finished work. It was a Thursday night
where I worked Thursday nights. So I was
like on my way home went straight to the
park and ran the hills from like 9 till
midnight.
And you're working doing bite work.
Yeah.
Like not easy work. Oh yeah.
So that's why I have
I have outepped tattooed right there
because that like that was the bet.
Yeah. So strong work.
Yeah. So yeah.
All right. So obsessiveness is is the
first thing. Would you say it's the same
pet?
Yeah. Yeah. For sure.
I've noticed for me it's the same thing
as well. Right. And that first phase, I
like to categorize it as like the absorb
everything phase.
Yeah.
Like how do I dive into this and absorb
everything? What's next for you?
For me, I just have to understand the
thought process of the person who's done
it really, really well. So, I just have
to be able to ask why, why, why why or
if I don't have access to them, I have
to be able to rationally write down what
the process is, like physically write it
out and then go like what why would you
do it this way? what are the pros and
cons of this? And then like when I was
learning an EPQ, I just wrote out the
script and then I was like, okay, why
would this why would this be this way?
This makes like I don't I know it works
and I know it must make sense for a
certain reason. Why does it do it make
sense? And then once I can understand
that, then you're you're you're done
because then you're like, oh, not only
do I understand the how, but understand
the why. And then I can start to
attribute that thought process to
everything relating to it.
And so it starts to make everything
very, very clear. And then you can
tailor your training to get better at it
at the thought processes that you
understand either the most or the least
depending if you want to lean into your
strengths or like lean into your
weaknesses, you know? And so like with
NPQ, like when I was selling, I knew my
natural strength was objection handling.
So, I didn't I I basically ignored
everything Jeremy told me about
objection handling until it was time for
me to learn his way of objection
handling because mine was so strong as
it was. So, I just focused on like the
parts of it that I knew would create the
highest value proposition change for me
and then just dove through step by step.
Yeah. And to be fair, Jeremy's way of
objection handling is quite elegant the
way that he does it,
right? It it was actually the thing in
any PQ that took me the longest to
understand of Jeremy's besides and this
will sound funny the way that he
actually utilizes situation questions
which is the same way you you utilize
hooks.
Yeah. That took me those two things took
me a very long time to understand. And
you had a process that was a little bit
more especially the way I've heard you
describe it is is a little bit more
blunt a little bit more
hammerfisted.
I wouldn't say it is uh it's it's pretty
blunt. I teach sales for dummies.
Yes.
Right. Like if you ever look at Marco an
in like incredibly elegant sales.
Oh yeah.
Beautiful. I have no to give about it.
Like I have no intention to learn it. I
don't care. It's beautiful. I will look
at it. I will listen to it in awe. I
have no to give. Right.
That's cuz you shouldn't have to come in
as head of sales and then learn not only
German style but then your style and
then Marco style. Yeah. And then so I
had to decode everybody's style so I
could understand what was being taught
inside of Sales Sniper. So I then could
actually just coach our reps. It
actually took me like months and months
to figure out.
That's the way I figured Jeremy's so
good. I was like that is 10 years away.
No matter what I do, it's 10 years,
right? So I have to figure out the way
that gets me the best in the shortest
possible time. So I created NEPQ for
Dummies. Like fully blown. this is the
stupidest way you can possibly do this,
but like this is extremely effective.
And then you reduce like it's got so
many things in there that now I don't do
many of them at all because like I it's
like training anything, right? You have
all these tricks that you use to like
bypass skill
and then the more skilled you get, you
don't need the tricks anymore. And so
there's pros and cons to doing it in
each way, but like the that's why I can
get like very average salespeople to
become quite good very quickly is
because the way in which I explain
things is the stupidest possible way to
do it, but it is really effective. Well,
and I think it goes back to something
that you mentioned there, which is like
kind of titrating up with skills as you
go so it can become more elegant because
that uh you taught me a hook a long time
ago uh when I was selling on one of our
accounts where it was like, "Hey man,
this will sound super random, but are
like most realtors I find are like
either watch guys or car guys. Which one
do you tend to lean towards?"
Yeah.
I pulled that out the other day on a
sales call because I was like, "Oh, it's
the perfect spot for it." So, I think
it's having some of those things in your
back pocket where you're like, "This is
where this is the right place." As
opposed to just utilizing it every
single time.
Yeah.
It allows you to price anchor so you can
establish a value of something that is
essentially not of value. Like a watch,
who cares, right? If you're not willing
to if I'm willing to spend 50,000 on a
watch and I'm not willing to spend 5,000
on a course, I am a [ __ ]
Yeah.
So, you can just essentially price and
value anchor and then you can bring that
back. So like it's a it's again it's a
tool of the trade that you can use and
there's probably like sort of like a
ubiquitous concept across dog training
or whatever but it's like this is
something you can use once you get good
enough you will not have to use it.
Yeah. Something I've noticed you have
and and I'm guessing all the all the
guys in sales have and it's the same as
what what I do and pretty much everybody
that teaches or or presents is that you
have like a hundred threeinut bits
and they're they're in the rolodex.
and
I've said it 100 times. It seems like
it's genuine. I don't mean it like I'm
not like a fake person, but I've I've
reheard this this conversation,
but I've had this conversation hundreds
of times and here's the bit that comes
out and I present you with that. And I
see that in the sales calls I've seen
you guys do and it's like there's
recurring themes and because you're only
you're typically having the sales call
with one person one time, they don't see
your other calls with other people that
that it to them it is not a recurring
theme. It's genuine every time. Um, and
I see that like it's a and that's a lot
of content like a 100 three minute bits,
you know, 300 minutes is a lot of things
you can pull out. And so there's a lot
to build that. It's not like that's
easy. But that's I think the way that I
see you guys do it and when I teach it's
the same. Someone asks a question, I'm
like, "Yeah, I got that." Like I This is
not the first It's rare that anyone asks
me a question for the first time these
days, right?
Plenty of times I've been like, "Oh,
I'll have to get back to you on that
one." But then for me,
how many times have you just come up
with something on the spot and you're
like, "Ah, that was really
Yeah. Like you have that out of body
experience where you're watching
yourself answer it."
Yeah. It's like that scene in Old School
where Will Frell goes up on there. He
just starts talking. He's like, "I
blacked out. What happened?" It's like
that. It's like, "Oh, I got to get that
Zoom recording. I got to figure out what
I just said."
The first time I did that congruence
hook, I was like, "So, it's like, hey,
Liverpool sales people, they have that
congruence of speech and action. In
order to be a good sales guy, you kind
of have to get out, you get get out of
your own way because you help people get
out of their way for a living, right?"
and they go, "Yeah, yeah, congruence."
And I go, "Yeah, yeah, congruence." And
then I use that the whole way through,
anchor it with like, "Hey, like let's
say we are to help you become that
really congruent, consistent salesperson
and you're able to make that extra 20k a
month, what would you do?" So we we tie
the outcome to to being that person. And
then the same thing with like the
consequence of never achieving it. And
then from there, when they give me like
an objection, that makes sense, man,
because like but for us to be that
really congruent salesperson that gets
everyone out of their way, we have to
first learn to get ourselves out of our
own way. So what do we need to do to put
yourself in a position to be able to?
Right? So you can just start riffing
that and then all of a sudden you you
start changing you start like like
changing the decision-m from buying
something to being someone who can
achieve.
And so it it makes like a binary choice.
Do I be a good sales guy or a bad sales
guy? Because a bad sales guy
can't even sell themselves. A good sales
guy can sell themselves. So just do it.
And that's like as soon as you start
figuring stuff like that out, then you
can start developing that for each type
of person. And then that's kind of when
you start going down the rabbit hole and
then you can just listen. and you can
hear a few different trigger words from
the individual and you're like, "Oh, I
know the goal that I'm having now and
then you just shift and then you have
that call."
Yeah.
You know what I mean? So,
which goes back to what you were saying,
right? Which is like I have to
understand the why behind what I'm doing
and then once I understand that why
enough, right? I understand like what am
I actually looking for here? Right?
Then from there, I can go there's a
variety of different ways I can get
that. What makes the most sense? And
then I'd start playing with [ __ ] and
kind of going from there. Was it similar
for you and kind of your process and how
do you break that down?
Yeah. And and and not only with like
training people, but even in actually
training dogs, it's the same thing. And
that's what we teach in that you first
thing I got to do is figure out your
motivation, right? Like how am I going
to how am I going to reward you as a
dog, right? Like how am I what is do you
want the ball? Do you want a game? Do
you want food? Like what is it that I
can pay you with later? And I give that
to you for free in the start. And then
I've got to develop a system of
communication prior to that so that I
can say that's correct. Here's the
payment. And now I've got everything I
need to manipulate the dog to do
whatever I want with it. And so it's the
exact same with people. So you got like
status, money, significance, you know,
like those sort of needs of people. Soon
as you figure out their motivators, then
you can figure out the language patterns
which give them that.
Yeah. That's why when you got deep into
this stuff and I was so you know dog
training is
behavioral manipulation. That's what
like you're manipulating dogs, but the
processes
we we prefer. Well,
see this is the thing.
Yeah, that's right. So, so in my space
it's not at all. We know that's what
we're doing. I'm manipulating this
stuff.
But you can't say punishment.
Yeah, that's right.
I listen to your podcast.
Yeah. But it's it's incredibly similar
and it all goes back to, you know,
behaviorism. It's Skinner and it's
Thornike and it's all those people and
you in the animal space, Skinner worked
on a lot of rats and he worked on
pigeons and dogs and that kind of stuff,
but he never give about rats, pigeons,
and dogs. Like it was it's mammal brains
and it's people that he's going to do
that stuff with. His biggest client was
a CIA, right? So like it's it's I heard
of them.
Manipulation is well, what do you guys
call it? You call it persuasion.
Persuasion. It it all works the same.
Mammal brains and mammal brains. What do
you want? How do I show you a path to
getting it? That's it.
The the the difference, and I'll
articulate this for this conversation
because it's probably important for the
listener, which is like the difference
between persuasion and manipulation is
persuasion is just something that you
already wanted to do
or kind of clearing the path
in order for you to get there. Whereas
manipulation may not be in your best
interest.
Yeah. And and maybe I should use
persuasion as well,
but it is the same. It's that like, hey,
there's a thing that you want and I'm
going to show you how to get that, but
in order to get that, it's via the thing
that I want, right? And it's it's just
motivation is the key that that it's in
dog training and and then in training
people, it's all about motivation.
Without that, you have nothing. And so
when I figure out what is it that you
want? Okay, now I'll give it to you for
free a few times. And then I go, "In
order to get it again, now you got to do
something for me and I'll give it to you
again." Right?
So here's a question I have for both of
you guys. Right? So now you understand
what's going on behind that. You're
trying different stuff. There are a
variety of good teachers out there and
coaches and methodologies and way more
bad.
How do you start to wade through what's
good and what's bad for you inside of
that process as you're starting to get
to that point of mastery?
I like I learn in a very particular way
though. So like I cannot absorb anything
I read.
I absorb everything I hear. Everything.
Okay.
Every conversation I have where I feel
like it's an important conversation, I
will retain basically 100% of it.
So every conversation you and I have
ever had.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean one or
two of them. Yeah.
Yeah. At least one of them.
Yeah. So like I have a very good
retention. So like for me like that way
of learning and being able to interact
with the person is extremely beneficial
to me. So like how it's presented is
really important for me. Like you can
give me the greatest book on sales. I
will get 14 pages in and go what what I
didn't read any of that. Right? Cuz my
brain just does not work that way. So I
have to be able to like lay it out.
That's why I like whiteboards and stuff
and why you can see all this mad
scribblings is because like that is how
my my brain works in like flashes of
ideas and like clouds. And so like I
have to be able to put it out there
visually and then make sense of it
myself and then be able to ask questions
about it. So for me it's like the
delivery mechanism is really important.
So like something like an inner circle
would work fairly well for me. But like
for me like having access to Jeremy for
even four sessions
was worth more to me than like like for
me personally than doing a group
training model. Like when I was trying
to learn some YouTube marketing it was
30,000 for the year. I said, "Hey,
instead of me going to four groups a
week, I would rather pay you 30,000 for
five one-on-one sessions."
Yeah.
And I was like, "Are you happy with
that?" He was like I was like, "Just I
just want to see you once every six
weeks and I just have questions I need
to ask you and then I'll be fine. I'll
never bother you." And he was like,
"Okay." So that's kind of And then I
started to be able to dissect some of
the processes. So the delivery mechanism
for me is super important because I just
want to ask I have like four questions
and like I need this, this, this, and
this. And those four questions will
unlock all the things that I don't
understand and then I can move on.
Yeah, it's really interesting cuz that's
so different than a lot of the way that
like the coaching consulting industry
normally runs at least in in kind of the
internet online world. Like the rest of
the world is a little bit different
inside of like historic age-old
businesses.
Yeah. But but if you look at our stock
portal and how I've laid it out, that's
how I learn. So it's very short videos
that have a high level of intent
and a very precise outcome for each
video.
So like I have to absorb information in
small chunks that are ultra precise that
then like stack on top of each other to
unlock a concept.
So how do you get like a baseline
understanding of anything new where you
don't have exposure to it? like sales
you had a ton of exposure but like if we
took
uh I don't have a great example so
hopefully you do have one in your head
but something that is relatively new
that you want to grasp uh let's say
crypto
and understanding that how do you start
with that
uh
and then get that baseline
the right questions
if I become obsessed with it I'll just
consume all information that I can get
my hands on hopefully over a video and
then hopefully I can ask someone
questions about it so I was lucky that
David would answer my questions Yeah.
Right. So, and David's like a crypto
cajillionaire. So, I had access to a
highly skilled individual, but like I
got obsessed enough with it to where the
first thing I did was get a coach. So,
not David, I got somebody else cuz like
he was too busy. So, I was like, "Okay,
this guy can explain all the key
concepts to me." I paid him a,000 bucks
for 45 minutes seven times.
Yep.
And then that gave me enough of a
baseline to then when I could just go
watch a bunch of videos and then I just
started playing around with stuff. So I
was like, "Okay, I'll just I'm willing
to lose a thousand bucks." So I was like
just moving money all over the space and
then if I didn't know how to do it, I
would do a Loom video, send it to the
coach, go, "What have I done wrong?" And
he goes, "Oh, you got to remember how
these interact." And I was like, "All
right, sweet. I know how to do that."
And two weeks later, I I knew crypto.
Yeah. Super enough to where I could do
what I wanted to do. Soon as I could do
what I wanted to do, I was done.
Yeah. This is really interesting cuz I I
basically take in stuff the same way
where it's like I want the baseline of
information, the foundations and then I
just want to put it into action and like
I want to mess up because when I mess up
I can ask better questions or if I don't
know stuff
then I'll clear those things up and it's
like five to depends it can be like a
hundred questions depending on how
complex it is or how terrible I am at it
to get to mastery. But it it that
foundation is key and I think when I
look at like our experience like it's
it's the thing that I have reflected on
a lot going what allowed me to have any
sort of like success that I have now.
What is that foundation? because I did
not do it alone. As much as like I could
say, "Oh yeah, I built these businesses,
blah blah blah." Like I that's true, but
I also had a ton of people over the
years mentor me, pour into me, make sure
I understood stuff, make sure I had it,
and then obviously with our collective
backgrounds, like the stakes are so
high, you learn how to ask the right
questions.
Yeah. But how fun is mentoring someone
who really cares?
That's us. So, I've been mentored and
I've mentored people and never have I
ever asked to be mentored and nobody
who's ever asked me to mentor them have
I. It's always a like I think that kind
of happens really naturally because as
an expert you see someone trying to
become one, you're like I can help you
here, right? And it's like and they're
they're never people that come to you
and they're like, "Please teach me
this." You're like, "Right." But it's
like people are like, "Hey man, I'm
about 90% there. you reckon you can fill
me in on that last 10%? I'm like, yes,
totally can. Right? You've shown me that
you've totally motivated yourself,
you've pushed yourself forward.
I'll plug whatever gaps I can for you.
Right? It's when people are like, I want
you to teach me everything. It's like,
yeah. Yeah. I agree on the everything,
right? But I uh like I I actually asked
with the head of our board, Kim, I was
like, hey, can I get a I was like,
what's the reasonable request you can't
say no to? I was like, can I get a
fortnightly 30 minute call? Right. And I
have like
Yeah, but no, but time out from the game
because before you asked that, like I
had him come to me with like, holy,
will is doing some stuff.
Yeah, that's
right. Like you'd sent him, hey man,
this is what I've done. This is what
I've done. This is what I've done. Can I
get feedback? Feedback. So like you'd
already like presented him with like
three. Yeah. So like for you then going
asking it's a it's a it's a foregone
conclusion at that point. And if I have
a look at like the people who I've
mentored closely within sales sniper,
which I was one of them.
Yeah, for sure. It's like road, right?
Yash as well. Like Yash is, you know
what I mean? But like it's the people
who are like and even like uh like
Maggie recently was like, "Hey, I'd love
to do." I was like, "Yeah, because like
I can see you have really tried to crack
this nut." Yeah. And there are a couple
things that are missing and I can fix
that.
Yeah. You know, so but it's like if
someone comes to me and is like just
like even if you offer me money, I'm
probably going to say no because you
haven't gone far enough down the road to
where like what I present to you is of
value to you because it's either going
to go so far over your head and then I
have to dumb it all down and start from
scratch which I really don't have any
interest in doing.
I agree with that.
Like you have to go down the road like
you know. So that's and that's all part
of it. I I think that's a piece of it,
right? Which is ultimately I think uh
where I was probably driving towards I
didn't totally know where I was going to
take this point, but here we are. Uh
which is I think once you get to a level
where you are foundationally good in
order to hit mastery, I can point to
anything that I've achieved any level of
mastery based on the equality of the
questions that I've asked the people
that are already past that.
Yeah. So like what I do right now with
Kim because one I just respect his time,
but two only have so much time myself is
I think a lot about what are the
questions that would make sense to bring
him and I have my notes app on my iPhone
and I just write those questions and I
go what are the highest le I used to do
this with YouTube when we had the when
our weekly was more you mentoring me
before that kind of switched into
you know us working on growth and and
all of that stuff for the company which
was like what are the questions that
make sense to bring you here that I
think you will enjoy answering will
stretch a little bit of the way you
think about that but will also allow me
to fill in those gaps and build kind of
these mental models that will move me
forward
and actually not waste your time where
it's actually more beneficial to you.
I think I totally agree and one of the
worst things people can do is when you
go to the expert and you ask a question
and you know already know the answer for
it. Like when when I catch someone doing
that to me, I'm like, you're wasting
both our time. You want a pat on the
back. That's what you're actually
looking for is a pat on the back. And it
doesn't work for everyone. It doesn't at
all. But like, I don't need to be I
don't need someone to be nice to me like
in that space. Like, and uh the guy that
I first started with who really taught
me the the biggest first chunk of, you
know, really high-end dog training
stuff, one day, I really got with the
way he was talking to me and and what he
was doing. And I I kept making mistakes,
but it was a very technical thing that I
was doing, and it was my first time
doing it.
And I got pretty angry about it and was
visibly like pretty and he came over to
me and he said, "Hey, we can stop any
minute you want. We can just stop doing
this. Like you've asked me to train you.
This is how I do it. If you want to just
go hang out, we can go have a beer,
right? But we then we're done here. So,
do you want to go hang out and just be
friends or do you want to shut up and
get back to work?" And I was like, "I'll
get back to work." And I was like,
that's that's how I want to be treated.
I don't want to I don't need someone
that's got to coddle me. And that's not
for everyone. Absolutely, that's not for
everyone. But that's what I I hate when
people come to you and they ask a
question to appear like they're asking a
good question and they know the answer
and you know they know the answer and
it's just this theater. It's like, hey,
don't let's not do this. Come to me with
[ __ ] you really don't understand. But I
think that's like an element of
vulnerability where people, you know,
like I've come to you with three
questions that you answered so easily. I
want to like have a bit of confirmation
of a force, right? So that to show you
where I'm kind of at. And I think that
is a folly, right? Like there's also a
large difference between questions and
being questioned.
Yeah. And I I say that a lot. I go, "Hey
guys, I don't mind questions." I go,
"Being questioned is very different."
And I go, "You will get a much different
answer and a much different tonality."
But like I'm not married to any
particular way of doing things, but I'm
teaching a very particular way of doing
things.
I was like, "So like if you want to go
do that, I get go do that, but we're
talking about this,
you No, but I don't get what Belffort
says. So, you can go do what you want.
We're talking about this way. If you
want to do that stuff, you can do that
way. I can't teach that stuff. I don't
know that stuff, right? So, let's talk
about this. Um, I think it all comes
back to like in my mind like I was I kn
I get angry during trainings. Not angry,
but I crack during trainings a fair bit
when people ask the same question a lot,
right? Like if I get to the inner circle
where I'm training people and the same
people ask the same questions, I go oi
like if you want to learn this then like
get obsessed with it and justing dive
into it and make it everything that you
need to be like this is your world now.
Like become the best
and and I think like with everything if
you want to be extraordinarily
successful in something you just have to
obsess over it. Like when I learned NEPQ
like I was so blown away by it. I was
like a whole I was like what is
happening? I could not believe that a
single person in one lifetime had put
that together.
I was like it's brilliant.
It is brilliant. It is like beyond I was
like wow if you figure this out you
you're multi-millionaire. Like there is
no if ends or buts about it. And I
remember the way that Jeremy thought of
me, looked at me, treated me as soon as
I asked one question. I said, "Hey man,
are you doing this because of this?" And
he goes, "Yeah." And he goes, "In 15
years, you're the only person to figure
that out." And I was like, "Huh, that
makes a lot of sense." And he was like,
"Yeah, yeah, it does." And I was like,
"Cool." Anyway, that and then like a
week later, he was like, "Hey, do you
want to be my sales guy?
You want to be best friends?"
Yeah.
Did we just become best friends?
Yeah. And I think like with mentoring,
my my um thought process on mentoring,
I've said this before, is the worst case
scenario is that they stay your mentor.
Yeah.
That is the worst case. They need to
become a friend that you can ask a favor
of
and they need to be invested in your
success.
So like if I want to get like if I get
mentoring from Jeremy like Jeremy is my
sales mentor. He is the master. Now I
have no intention, need, want or desire
to be as good at human sales and I've
been very upfront about that. I am I
will get better naturally over my
progression but I will not attempt to
right. Like I would like
it's all downhill from here.
Like I'm good enough. Right. Right. like
I've reached the at the point of
diminishing returns, but it was just
like okay like if I can do this right
and I can make Jeremy invested in my
success then at the point in which I ask
him for a favor which makes me more
successful or for him to do something
then me achieving it makes him more
successful because my success is hinged
on him.
And so when I went to him and I was the
sales guy and I said I can run this
company better than the people who are
currently running it. give it to me and
I will fix this. And he was like,
"Okay."
And that was it. And I fired everybody.
I fired everybody.
All right. So, I I have another
question. And this is based on a
conversation I had with one of our guys
earlier. I did a coaching call with him.
I don't know, probably about six months
ago now. Uh and then he stopped me as I
was as we were walking I was walking to
go take a leak, but he's like, "Hey,
man. Thanks so much for that session."
And he's like, "You you figured that out
in like a very short amount of time."
And I was like, "Well, yeah, man. As
soon as I saw what you had going on, it
was easy." I was like, "You have a
wealth of experience. You've been very
successful in another place like you
were so clearly on the role play that we
did and I saw within the first like 3
minutes trying to be somebody else that
you were secondguessing yourself."
So, I look at like the the difference
between being really good and being
elite
at the point of where you understand
what you're doing so well, you can just
let your personality, your style,
everything else come out, but you trust
that you're still going to get the same,
if not better outcome.
Yeah.
That I think is a thing that a lot of
people struggle with, especially inside
of sales, inside of business, really
performance in general. Y
which is even the people that start to
understand the process which is why you
can role play for 12 hours a week. You
can study NPQ, you can do all this stuff
and you can still you can still
realistically not have a high level of
success, right? You can still never
crack 20k a month in coms or whatever.
Does that translate to do you see people
trying to be Bart? Do you see people
trying to be
100% understand and and
it 100% translates in that you really
just have to understand the principles
the core principles. There's a framework
like there's a skeleton to it and
everybody's got their own skin suit
around it. And when you see someone
who's learned from a particular person
and they miss the skeleton and they try
to wear their skin suit and and we see
that.
It's a very good way of putting it.
Yeah, we see that all the time and
decoying is one of the biggest things
like teaching a dog to bite. It's a
weird little dance with a dog and
there's principles. There's things you
do but everybody has their own flare and
very often you can tell who trains
someone by the things that they do and
and they
I can tell who what what training
they've done by the way they sell. Oh
yeah, totally.
God's Danlock, that's Belffort, that's
Cardone Jeremy.
And and and when you can tell who
trained someone, they're never they're
going to be someone who was trained by
someone. They're never going to be the
person training someone else, right?
Because you would go to the original,
right? And so it's it's about sort of
understanding I get it. I understand the
principles and I like my brain works in
flowcharts. So like I see the flowchart.
I know how you I know the decisions that
you're going to make and I'm going to
make the same decisions, but it's going
to be with my own flare. The flowchart's
going to be the same, but it's going to
be different colors and there's going to
be different patterns all over it. But
we're going to get to the same place and
we're gonna get to the same place via
the same mechanism, but to an observer,
it might seem really different, right?
Uh, so here's an interesting thing,
right? Because I've looked at this. All
three of us
come from a a background where like we
were fairly confident in what we did.
Like I would say I had a very very very
high level of confidence in my skill set
when I was operating. I was able to I
actually secondguessed
I it took me a while to translate that
confidence into business for my first
business. I always thought I was behind
the curve. I always thought like oh I'm
behind the curve. Like even when we were
doing really well like hitting high
profitability numbers for a
brickandmortar gym, all that stuff,
right?
I
I think you need that though.
I do and I agree with that. But you also
to hit an elite level,
you actually have to get rid of that. It
will hold you back.
I don't have that.
So I here's my question for you guys.
That's what gets the hunger. But now
I agree.
At least it was for me.
Here's my question. For somebody that
doesn't have our background and so they
don't have to go to combat for 10 years,
right? How
was that an option?
It wasn't.
Well, right now there's plenty
happening.
Well, uh yeah, Matt, for some of us it
is.
Um
you guys were both qualified snipers,
right? I know it.
Were you?
Uh
I wasn't aware.
I was not. Oh, thanks. Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know. I didn't know that.
Uh I was
How many
How many deployments did you get inside
of your 10 years?
Significantly less than you. I believe
weird cuz we spent
Oh, we spent about the same amount of
time, but you had seven. That's weird.
I was very important back home,
right? I was this not
Oh, that's weird because all the work
was overseas. But but that makes that
makes sense. Um,
well, I mean, by the time by the time
you were done with them, you'd already
killed everyone.
So, I said it to Booj the other day.
Bougie was like, "Oh, he called me a
sniper." Like, you know, everyone's
here, the sniper, right? And I was like,
"Oh, dude, I actually wasn't a sniper."
And I was the sniper platoon sergeant,
but I was neither of those things.
A sergeant, nor a sergeant, nor a
sniper.
But you could imagine if you were,
right?
How do Especially now that we all coach
other people, right? and their
development truly is indicative of how
successful we are in our roles.
Like their success is literally
which I would say vary if I'm speaking
personally.
Yeah.
[Music]
How do you start to instill because I
have my own way of doing this and what I
kind of look for in somebody. How do you
start to go that person has all of the
foundation
without the confidence to step into it
on their own and then how do you start
to translate that and give them coaching
and advice around that to actually
become confident who they are?
Uh I know how I do it but um first of
all I know if someone's good like
immediately I can I can tell if
someone's good from the first couple of
minutes. It's it's if they make the same
decisions as me. If I do not understand
where they're going in a sales call,
because I should be able to listen in
the same way that you should be able to
watch someone coaching uh training a dog
and go, "Okay, I get what they're doing
here." If you look at it and go, "What
the are they doing?"
Like then, then they're either on a
different wavelength, which is working,
but I can't work with them anyway
because I don't understand what they're
doing. But if I go, "Ah, okay, I see
what he's doing." Then like I can
predict what's going to happen. And if
they do that, I'm like, "Yep, their
decision-making process is good." Now,
the execution might be poor. Like, they
might have poor tonality. They might be
asking like the right question in the
wrong way or at the wrong time, but that
decision tree, that flowchart is the
skeleton is there and they're making it,
but just with small tweaks, they can get
better. Um, now the people who are
actually genuinely really good, like we
have a sales rep who's phenomenally
talented, who just doesn't produce.
Oh, yeah.
Right. phenomenally, right? Like the guy
who knows everything, does everything
perfectly, but for some reason just
can't train a dog,
right?
And and it's it's really interesting and
there's a bunch of different things, but
what I generally do is try and remove
the importance of the outcome and I just
go your only job on at the end of each
sales call is to think, man, I did my
process and that was a good call. So, if
we just remove the outcome and then we
just insert the new outcome of I'm doing
the process. If I do the process, it's
good and I should be able to hand that
call to someone because you can't sell
everybody. Like, it's
ridiculous to think you can. Even if
it's 99%, there's still one who's going
to say no,
right? So, the moment you realize that
you have no control over whether that
person buys or not, like you literally
have no control. And to pretend
otherwise is like extraordinarily like
egotistical or just insane. So I go, you
can't sell them all. There's no point
trying. If you sell at 40%, then you
should be shocked when someone buys
because 60% chance they don't. And so
just focus on doing the process and
that's all I want you to focus on. And
at the end of every call, you done your
process, you high five, that's it. If
you get to that level, then you'll stop
caring about the end result. You'll just
start caring about the process and then
you'll become so obsessed with doing the
process every time that the end result
will come anyway. So, I have a
three-fold way to approach this that's
developed over because part of part of
my role, especially six, nine months ago
at Sniper was somebody was struggling
and then
put him in jail.
It didn't start out that way. It did end
up that way.
Yeah. Will's in jail.
Yeah. So,
you go to Will.
All right. This is why everybody's
afraid when I
Yeah, that's literally exactly what it
was.
Matt didn't want to be the bad guy. I
came on and then he was like, "Hey, man.
Will you have a conversation with this
person? And this escalated and I started
to realize what was happening as it
continued to happen. But one of the
things I've realized,
you hate it too, don't you?
I don't mind it because of the amount of
people that have come through the other
side.
Yeah. It killed the game,
right?
You changed people's lives.
Yeah. So now to be fair, like and I've
I've looked at the stats like it's
60/40. Like 60% chance you'll come
through, but 40% you're probably done in
sales.
Like there's just no question. It's for
the best.
Writing your name on the wall in
lipstick for the rest of their life.
Yeah,
glad I called that guy. Um,
I'm so glad you guys understand movie
quotes on such a deep level like I do.
So, within that, the way I approach it
first is I go, "Hey, man. What similar
to what you do, Matt, like what are you
looking to do here? What were you
looking for in that?" It's like, "Okay,
you understand what's happening." And
then if it's still not connecting the
usually the first thing that I do is I
go like you know your process. We've
walked through this. You're actually
secondguessing yourself. I can literally
see your thought process which is you're
going oh I should take them here. You're
thinking about the way to formulate the
question and then you're going in. This
is with people that have practiced like
thousands of hours, right? They've been
they role play like an hour a day. They
go through the like they I mean these
are people putting in work
like proper students
and they still like they can do it in a
role play but it's it's just not
connecting. I go all right man I think
what's happening is you're actually
thinking so much about what you need to
do that you're not trusting the fact
that you actually know what to do.
You can hear their internal monologue.
Exactly. Right.
Yeah.
So go I will speed them up. And I used
to I I got this actually from a
the 12minute sale. So, I I do it a
little bit differently than the way you
do it. I I took it from uh one of my
boxing coaches like probably 15 years
ago at this point because I used to do a
little bit of the same cuz I was I was
doing way more powerlifting at the time.
So, it was a little bit more muscular,
but I was not as fast and it was not as
fluid. And so, he was like, "Dude, you
look like a
Did you just call yourself muscular,
fast, and fluid?" Right. Uh I mean
I mean
you have eyes, right?
You're welcome. Um
a problem when you know
but he was like hey you look like a
refrigerator that's trying to twist.
Like what are you doing?
And I was like I don't know man. I think
I I think I know.
No no no I I was just so like tense
boxing. There was no fluidity to do it.
There was no weight transfer. There was
no engagement in the hips. like it just
there was a lot of [ __ ] me like missing
on a functional level. He's like,
"Dude," and he just sped me up. He just
went, "All right, here's what we're
going to do." And he just kept speeding
me up and he put constraints on me in
such a way that I had to stop thinking
about it. And it was in that process
that I could actually start to trust
that I just knew what to do is cuz I was
overpaced. So, what I'll do is I'll
overpace somebody, right? And then I'll
go, "Hey, man, you just did everything
correctly, which means that you're
literally just overthinking this." M.
So, all you have to do is just trust
that you know what to do and just run
through it because then you can actually
just engage with the process. You can
get into a little bit of flow. Quite
frankly, I think you're going to have
more fun. You're going to get a better
outcome and like you can get out of your
head and stop worrying about everything
and feeling any sort of anxiety as you
go throughout the day.
And that with the people that I've gone
through where it's clicked
all of a sudden just become savages.
That's what happened with Yash in
addition to some other stuff. like when
it clicked it clicked.
Do the same with dogs, right?
Yeah. Well, I was going to say I've got
like a third way of explaining the same
thing. Yeah. Cool.
Cuz we're all doing the same thing, but
just explain it differently. Is that for
me, I I always go back to the excellence
is mastery of the basics. And I always
talk about so I did the direct
recruiting to SF thing. So, you know,
I'm at the school of infantry and I'm
doing all the infantry and I'm like, I
hate all this [ __ ] right? I can't
wait to be kicking indoors and doing
cool guy stuff. I passed election. I'm
like, I'm ready to get issued my rocket
pack and my laser beam. And then it's
like, no, it's just the same as the
infantry, like but more of it at at
nauseium until you can do it in your
sleep with your eyes closed. You don't
have to think about it. And and I was
like, what? And that's when I realized,
you know, excellence is mastery of the
basics. And that's what I do with as
many people as possible. I'm like, we
need the basic stuff like the
kindergarten, the ABCs. You need to be
able to do that without thinking. And
then the more difficult tasks can occupy
100% of your brain while you're doing
it, right? And so if you're still
worried about the the basics, then
there's no chance of you doing the the
difficult stuff well. Get to the basics
as like an automatic response that you
don't even need to think about. And and
in gunfighter terms, I know it's what
you sort of started with it is it's that
same [ __ ] You see people like shooting
their gun stops and then it's like, oh,
like what going on here? And yeah, and
so what I want and what you know, I'm
sure all three of us would do is you
feel that last round and you're you're
fixing that while I'm taking in new
information, right? Because the basics
are happening that's happening without
me having to think. And the difference
is I'm using that 3 seconds to find out
battlefield information rather than
fixing this minor problem here because
that's happening automatically. And
that's what I try and instill with
people with with the dogs when I'm
getting them to train. I imagine it's
the same with just it's everything. What
I want is those basic stuff to be like I
don't that doesn't have to occupy any of
my brain power.
Yeah, exactly.
It all of my brain power can go to the
more complex things which allows me to
appear way more competent than I am at
the complex things because I'm super
competent at the basics. Like the basics
all over and I appear like I'm really
good at the complex stuff but only
because I that's 100% focused. Yeah.
That's all I'm actually worried about.
I'm not worried about any of that basic
stuff because that's happening. I'm just
finding it done. Right.
Yeah. I feel like when you have the
basics, right, if you don't have the
basics, you have to worry about what
you're doing wrong. When you have the
basics, you start to focus on what am I
doing right and how do I do more of
that? And I think that shift is where
people go from like baseline good
starting to get up into an elite level
from what I've seen.
Yeah. It's it's like it would be
interesting to see if you could
formulate some sort of uh weir world
bowl and dummy
shoot.
Right? Like where you could sort of like
have a thing which just obviously shows
you what you're doing wrong because
that's such a for those of you who don't
know bow and dummy shoot is where you
have like dummy rounds in and you can
see people flinch for the round. Right.
You don't know whether you've got a live
or
so it's you just see and people like
that. No, that's not the you're of the
gun. That's you doing that in
anticipation, right? Like snatching the
trigger and stuff. So, it would be
really interesting to try and like
develop something like that where you
could really kind of dissect what
they're actually doing incorrectly in
such a visual and like instantaneous
manner because I think like shooting
like I know for shooting in sales like
it was such a it was such a good
paradigm for me because you know like I
was so used to just like it's we just
shot every day. It's all we did but but
it's dry practice as well. That's one of
the things that the army drills into
that I think I see nowhere else when I
say to people like don't you don't have
the dog here making all these mistakes
in front of him. Put him away and you
get good at it by yourself and then get
him out. And it's like no but it's
playing tug with the dog. Like it's
presentation of the reward and all that.
I'm like he doesn't need to be around
for your mistakes. You get good at that
by yourself, right? Like set up lines so
that you can do it in a straight line
and all these kind. Do it by yourself.
get good at it and then bring in the dog
so that he never has to endure your
upups along the way.
This is that that's funny you mentioned.
So, uh this is a a parallel of the two
worlds kind of which is when I started
learning NPQ, I went into which I don't
even think we do anymore. I just went
straight into inner circle,
right? I had no 2.0, no 3.0. Uh I just
went straight to inner circle. So, I
went through the entire portal in a
weekend. Uh just ripped through the
content. I still have all the notes on
in Notability on my iPad. It's like
hilarious, right?
And then from there, I just started role
playing, but I role played for like an
hour to an hour and a half every
morning.
And all I did, I've got an English lab
named Sawyer, right? And he would sit at
my feet and I would just sell Sawyer. I
sold Sawyer so many high ticket packages
I cannot even describe to you.
But all I did is I just I went, what is
the what is the closest way that I can
replicate this? So I was like, I'm going
to open Zoom. I'm gonna be at my desk.
I'm gonna have my script up the same way
that I would during a sales call because
it was still very much using a script
back then. And I'm just going to run
through that over and over and over
again until I start to get happy with
it, which took months and months and
months.
It just seems so obvious though. One
thing that used to really show people
would come in Well, it's because being
bad at our previous job had pretty
severe consequences, right? So, I think
like there's a there's a different of
like catastrophizing failure. Yes.
Right. That that happens. And so I
remember
Do you still do it by the way?
Um yes.
Yeah, I do too.
Yeah, I have a lot I get like totally I
get I spiral with like one thing and it
like ah like that and then I like
Anyway, I fix it. But um that's why Kim
is good. It's good to chat to Kim.
That's worth talking about cuz outwardly
they can be I'm sure well maybe I'm not
maybe maybe this is just me but
outwardly you can be very confident. And
you can do what you want. But the reason
why I have obsessive, you know, laser
focus is because of a critical fear of
looking stupid.
Oh yeah.
Like an absolute like, you know, all the
all the catch cries, imposter syndrome
and all those things. Like I have a
crippling fear of being found lacking
because in a former job being found
lacking was like you let the team down,
you got someone killed. You're like it's
it's it was
so it's that is a crippling within me
that that fear and that's why I get
hyper obsessed with things. Not only
because I'm working towards something,
you know, obviously that's my primary
motivator. I'm trying to get towards
something, but I got a bear chasing me
at all times.
Oh yeah. I had uh I there was a point in
time where I I was we had like 13 North
American accounts. It's not that long
ago, by the way. I was running all of
those internal meetings every Friday. So
every Friday it was a 20-minute meeting
stacked back toback for about four hours
where I went through the numbers and
then it was just find the bottleneck,
find the issue, fix it or come up with a
plan to fix it or set it on the side
because we're out of time and then at
the end of the day I'll come up with a
plan to fix it. And it went through all
those and eventually we we had a guy
Shawn Ray, shout out to Sean if you're
listening. Uh who started riding shotgun
with me on these and now has taken over
a lot of this role as my role kind of
morphs here at Sniper. And he asked me
one day because like he's like, "Hey,
man. How'd you know that question to ask
that person to get there?" And I was
like, "Oh, well, I just saw this and
this." He's like, "Yeah, but I wouldn't
have done that." He go he goes, "Where
did that skill come from?"
And I had no better answer than like I
don't know what to tell you, man. like
nine combat deployments and me being
like like uh over like the way you
describe it like uh overwhelming
pressure
and anxiety to make sure that all my
guys go home and that we don't this up.
Yeah.
I'm like that's what drives me. That's
why I won't just accept a mediocre
answer. I don't understand or it's not
something that's connect or I didn't
really fix the problem or I don't
understand it
is because now that's a structure that
plays in my brain over and over again
that serves me really well. But it was
this overwhelming anxiety for, you know,
a decade of am I measuring up to this?
Am I taking care of my guys? Am I doing
everything that I need to? And I know
his reframe now, but like to make sure
we get the best possible outcome there
and I can be at peace with no matter
what happens cuz I know I did not slack
at all there. That piece of it I think
has served me really well. But I also
have struggled with how do I keep that
in check to know when when is good
enough. So, how do you guys do that?
Especially if we're talking about elite
performance, and I know we're going a
little long here, but how do you guys
start to keep that in check for you
personally? Because I think a lot of our
listeners are going to fall into that
category where that it starts to become
somewhat anxious when they think about
their performance.
On my podcast, the K9 paradigm, we did a
whole episode on good enough is exactly
that,
right? Like it people think of good
enough as being like close enough. Those
are really different things.
Good enough is exactly that. It's it's
got to be good enough. I can't fail,
right? And so,
you know, I sold two dogs this morning,
right? And they they were sold at a at a
relative spec, but they were miles ahead
of that spec, right? And the people who
buy them don't need to know that because
they'll figure it out when they start
working their dogs, but they had to be
good enough to pass. Now, no matter what
conditions got thrown at them in their
assessment, they had to pass, right? So,
in order to make sure that was going to
happen, they're 10 times better than
what they needed to be in order to get
there because that's all that was good
enough. They have to be good enough at
every level, right? Like it at every
measure, which means you have to be
exceptional at some and kind of okay at
others, right? Like there's a there's a
spectrum of things, but you you can
never be found lacking. It has to be
good enough all the time across
everything, no matter the conditions,
which means sometimes it has to be
exceptional, right? Sometimes it has to
be perfect so that on the day it can be
good enough. Yeah, that's interesting.
Matt, how do you approach this?
I don't know. To be honest, I get so
obsessed with being the best at what I'm
doing. I can't think of anything else.
Like it's like and it was to be honest,
I wasn't that way in the military. I I
took my job far less seriously than what
most other people did. And I think that
was probably reflective in a few
younger days. Younger days.
Yeah. Um like although I thought the job
was serious, I didn't feel like we
needed to take ourselves seriously. And
in the very very very small realm of
snipers
where the egos are very high.
Yes.
That was not seen upon as a positive.
Yeah. It was almost like having a uh a
personality where you didn't just hate
the world
was frowned upon.
Yeah. I was like, "Hey guys, like let's
be really good at our job, but like we
are not better than anybody else." And I
I've tried to reflect that here.
I And I think in a really that's
interesting. I came to that conclusion
later on, probably actually towards the
very end of my military government
career. I did not have that for the
first seven years. I like I didn't I
like it I was absolutely on board with
everybody where it was like you either
perform or you're a total piece. You're
dead to the world. I never understood
it. I I knew it was a thing. I never
understood it. Like if someone up
overseas and they're a piece, I was
like, "Oh, you're a piece of because you
just really put someone in a bad spot."
Like, but in terms of like I just never
understood like I never understood
treating the mechanics different than
the shooters and the snipers different
than I didn't treat them different as I
actually was way cooler with support. It
was actually I held
in snipers where I was that no
we were better and we knew it like like
that was the attitude. That was the
overwhelming. I never had that same
thing. Actually, where I held people to
that standard was actually just our
guys. So I was like, if you choose to do
this, right? And like to illustrate the
model, like it's it's here, right? Like
we have three bullet holes and then a
crack down the skull.
Mhm.
Right. The three bullet holes are for
the only three things that you'll find
in the recon community, which is pain,
misery, and suffering. And the crack is
for perseverance. And that is your life.
That is literally the entire mentality.
So I hel like that standard that I held
myself to was so high that I held
everybody else to it.
The but the curious thing that you said
in there is you're like I'm so obsessed
with being the best, right? But
especially in the role that you're in
right now.
You could be really good at growing a
company but because it requires such a
constant upleveling of skills and then
becoming more and more aware of
different things that are happening
there. You actually at least from my
perspective and and you might view this
different which would be a really
interesting conversation.
I don't think either you or I could be
the best at any single one thing that we
do in Sniper.
I hope not.
Exactly right.
Yeah. So it then becomes like we are
very very very good at attracting talent
and then getting culture pervasive but
when you say
yeah but you don't know what I want to
be the best at.
That's what I was curious about when you
say being the best. What are you looking
at now?
I'm Thanos
and I'm collecting those stunts. You're
like that is my job.
Tell us more.
My job is to collect the greatest human
beings and unite them under one singular
vision. Like that is my job. That is my
only job. And if I get enough really
really cool people who are really really
good and really really bought into the
snap, right, then like there's no amount
of people that can stop it from
happening.
Yeah, that's fair. Yeah.
And we're pretty close right now.
Yeah.
Makes me feel good about a fake job you
gave me.
Yeah.
You're like the stone on the elbow.
It's not like doing anything, but it
looks good.
It's important that it's there.
Yeah. So like
you're the bedazzled Jew jacket.
Yeah. The Vazzle.
Yeah. So, like that's what that's what I
have to be good at. Like I have to be
like the guy that is out in front
rallying the troops and like attracting
like through like pure force of will
like come to me if you want to live. You
know what I mean? That's interesting cuz
I I have really had a thought about this
over the last month or two as my role is
shifting at Sniper and gone what is what
is the overarching thing that I didn't
use terms of like want to be the best at
but like how do I provide the absolute
most value here to our team.
Yeah. Well, I think we'll go over that a
lot like we have planning sessions for
the next 48 hours.
Yeah. yours in collecting people. Mine
actually I think is a little bit
different which is how do I empower
those people to step fully up into what
they're capable of in each position.
Yeah.
Now how we do that is is variable and
complex and depends on the person role
all that stuff and I have some thoughts
and we've already been doing it. But
it's uh it's interesting where it's
almost like you can't go wrong, right?
And I look at this over and over again
like I just don't think you and to the
point like we've all been on great
teams. We've all been on okay teams and
like I I've been on bad teams, right?
Like I think it boils down to
I think something that you talk about
Matt all the time which how do we set
that unifying vision where we're moving
towards it but also I think with a very
very smart people. One of the things
that I actually overdid as my role
shifted and I look at and it was a
learning lesson for me reflecting back
on it over the last couple months
because I was I did a lot of work in a a
relatively short amount of time to
transition my role over to Jeff and to
Shawn, but I was like, "Oh, I need to
prepare them for success." And I
actually got a little too obsessive on
it. And it was like, "No, no, these are
really smart people. I need to just let
them come in there." But I was so
concerned with how do I make sure that I
can hand this off in the right way to
them that I actually overdid it a little
bit. Whereas I feel like you go the
opposite way. You're like, "Hey man,
here's what we need to do."
I mean, there's two ways to teach people
how to swim, right?
Chuck them in. You can either chuck them
in and you'll probably figure it out or
you can allow them to go step by step.
And I think both ways are valid.
However, like you would choose some
people to throw in and you choose some
people to walk in.
Yeah.
Right. Like my son, I would never throw
in. It's not how his operates. My
daughter, I could throw her in and she
would like that's me and her are very
similar personalities. She looks just
like my wife, acts just like me. My son
looks exactly like me. Is she he is my
wife, right? Like like the same sort of
things. So, like it just depends on who
you are and and sort of like I like to
figure out go okay well like you know
like with James like we're we're
partners but I like I've known him for a
long time and I've mentored him for a
long time and how I treat him in terms
of like when I was sort of mentoring him
through different things like was very
step by step
you know what I mean and he's very
intelligent so he picks up things really
really quickly but like I would not
throw shitloads of responsibility on him
immediately I would I would parse them
off
you know but like with like I bring Pat
on and I'm like, "Hey, dude. I'm
overwhelmed. I can't do this anymore."
Like, "Just go do it." And he's like,
"Oh, okay." Like, "I'll go do this." And
it's it's like I have ultimate. I just
know it's going to work.
Yeah.
I just know. It's like, "Oh, yeah.
Sweet." Like Will's going to come on.
All right. Will you go do this now? Let
me know if you have questions. Yeah. You
threw literally uh with zero. This is
how you do it. Over and over again. It
was like, "Hey, man. We're thinking
about this how the retreat came about."
You're like, "Hey, I'm thinking about a
retreat." I was like, "Yeah, that sounds
like a good idea, man." He's like, "Oh,
yeah. I'm glad you mentioned it. You
want to you want to take care of that? I
was like, "Yep. Do we have like a
budget?" You're like, "Uh, yeah. I don't
know, man. Like, uh, 20 to no more than
50 grand." And I was like, "That's a
pretty big spread, but okay." And
started running with now $120,000 later.
So, that was a learning lesson. But I I
think actually I preferred that. Here's
the here's the thing that needs to
happen.
You're a grown ass man and I'll work
backwards.
Of course. like that that's
but not every but I don't think that's
totally fair right
no the thing is this is the thing about
snipers is snipers are the only people
in the military who are told what to do
how to do it
fair
that is the there is a mandate I need
this done nobody understands how they do
things or you know what I mean there's
too many nuance compartmentalization
when it comes to snipers as a skill set
that like the the upper management like
the the brass they can't know they just
go oh we just need this done and then
snipers plan. They don't tell what
they're doing. They just go this is what
we need to facilitate and you go do it.
So like that that is how I function
best. I go like just give me the
outcome. I will try if you have a
blueprint like I'll give give it to me
so I can watch it and then I can try and
figure it out myself. But I think like
for me that's how I that's how I do it
best. I much prefer that way. Um I don't
like having to follow strict systems and
processes in the beginning. I like to
kind of make my mistakes. I think
mistakes are extremely important to the
learning process as long as you're
tracking it and all that kind of stuff.
So like that's how I prefer but again
you just got to pick and choose like I
wouldn't you know um like even Ben for
example like tossing him in the deep end
is not super beneficial to his
personality.
So like we have to like it's been a very
systematic like increasing of
responsibilities,
right? And a lot of that's happened from
like me and James cuz I brought Ben in
like he was like the first big hire that
we did from a purely administrational
standpoint and so it's been a very
titrated sort of uh responsibility over
the last 12 months because we hired him
in January of last year.
Yeah.
Right. So like it was much smaller
company then. And so there's been a
really good titration to throw him into
this what it is today would would be
very difficult because he's so
analytical and so like process driven
that to drop that man into the madness
would would be very difficult. But if
you can do it in the right way, he'll
like crush the game, you know? So
everyone's just different.
Yeah, makes sense.
Yeah, we're going pretty long.
Yeah,
good spot to wrap it up there.
Yeah, I think it's a good spot as any.
Yeah, sounds good. Uh, if you like this
kind of content guys, make sure you
comment down below. Let us know what
your thoughts on some of the things that
we went over today. How do you like to
be trained? How do you like to train
people? What are some things that you
want to be mentored in? And how do you
want to be mentored in them?
Yeah,
it's an interesting conversation.
Yeah. Let me know if you like the style
of the YouTube videos that are out cuz I
do have a real job. It's
not a totally fake job.
I am doing stuff.
A real job, literally.
Yeah.
Yeah. Um, yeah. All right, guys. Make
sure you like, subscribe, hit the
notification bell, all that kind of good
stuff. If you are listening to this
audio only, make sure you hit the sub
button and share this with someone who
could find some benefit from it. But
thanks for watching. Thanks for
listening and we'll speak to you guys
soon. You know, in in bite work, you
know, the person who's getting bitten by
the dog. Oh my god, who set that up?
So Matt, the question that you asked
before we started filming, how many
special operations guys does it take to
set up a podcast? We have not answered
that question.
I will I will place my finger here for
the entire time. Yeah,
we need a different setup in
