I don't care if you come in here for a
month, uh, screen record or download or
you can do everything and then [ __ ] off,
right? I don't care. This program is
designed to get as much information out
to as many people as humanly possible
uh, in the cheapest possible iteration.
And I think I've absolutely managed to
crack that. So, this is my new
membership. It's the Patreon. The
YouTube still exists and this is the
Patreon. It's a much better, more
organized way of doing it with more
content because more types of content
can be put into Patreon because YouTube
only does video. All right, so here we
go. Here it is. Okay. Um, so one-on-one
coaching calls from the past, right? Uh,
live sales calls that you can watch and
listen to, right? So live sales calls.
None of these are in the YouTube, right?
If you're in the YouTube, you have to
transition over. uh go to the discord
and you can get the discount code to
make it easier for you. Um and so I've
got like just all different types of
prospects that I've sold over the years.
Right? Then from there we go in all
these downloadable resources, some
testimonials there. Got a whole set of
foundational foundation work that goes
from the sales script from from a sales
in every single section from top to
bottom and then has a complete roleplay
of me actually doing it plus some other
stuff. Then we got like general then we
got how-tos. How-Toss are things like
just things over the years that I that
I've learned that uh make you a lot more
sales, right? Referrals, stuff like
that. Just, you know, actual tangible
sales stuff. They're not designed to be
three-hour long videos, right? With the
coaching calls for that. We have like 17
coaching calls a week. And like I said,
you can come in here for a month and
leave. I don't care. Um you stay for as
long as you want. Uh level one, you get
access to everything except the coaching
calls, but you can watch the coaching
calls afterwards because they get
uploaded. Um, and then if you want to be
level two and level three, and they have
different levels of coaching, but even
level two has 17 coaching sessions a
week. We have a full objection handling
course that I did. So, this was a 8-week
uh course with special guests and stuff
like that. All things objection
handling, some very, very deep and
advanced stuff, all that there. A lot of
those are actually free. So, if you want
to hang around, don't want to pay any
money, you can do that. Here's where all
the recorded sales training go. More
objection handling stuff, which is some
really in-depth. There's some really
advanced This is a course that I did a
couple years ago, uh, which was a really
in-depth course with selling with
frameworks and, you know, putting in
some some different more sort of
advanced tactical stuff. That's a great
photo of me, by the way. Um, then we've
got advanced sales skills like takeaway
closes, stuff like that. Some more of
the the dark arts. Got some sales
management stuff. I haven't uploaded
this yet, but it's being uploaded now.
Even have like some marketing and
business type stuff that I've done over
the years. And then we have all these
coaches. Coach Laura teaching sales EQ.
We have Coach Alex for all you [ __ ]
Coke fiends out there, right? He's a
sober coach teaching people how to get
rid of addiction because sales reps, I
know you you all have addiction
problems. So, this is great that we have
this. We also have uh he's a coach Aaron
who does agency mastery. So, if you're a
business owner um and you want to
understand how to grow your business,
grow your agency more, there's there
coach Jack goes through sales process.
Okay. Uh we have coach Dylan who does
leadership. Uh we have coach um uh Josh,
right, who does like some super advanced
sales training stuff. We have a couple
other coaches as well. We have a fitness
coach
um who who goes through not like fitness
sales, but like actual fitness, right?
So helping people get more fit and all
that kind of good stuff. And and then we
have uh some other business coaches as
well, which is all being uploaded at the
moment. U there's some cool stuff where
like there's also a big chat, right? Uh
we can go in there and that's where I'm
going to stream. It's where I sort of
let everyone know about the sessions
that are coming up and then from there
as well like I think I uh streamed
sorry like uh whenever I I do a group
training session uh I stream it into
here
and then whenever I do a live session I
can stream it into here as well which is
cool. So yeah uh so that's how it works.
Um, there are a couple different, it's
called [ __ ] the gurus because [ __ ] the
gurus, am I right? And then we have, uh,
the memberships themselves. There's
three of them, maybe four, four of them.
And it's just different levels of
access, but there are free ones. There
are there's some free content in here um
that I've sort of put in. There's also
uh level one $55 US a month, level two
is $149, and level three is $199. And uh
there's a special on at the moment where
you get uh 33% off your first month and
ends December 4th. So go in there, get
amongst it, enjoy. Uh if you're on
YouTube, you can transition over. Um
there's a special discount code uh for
the YouTube guys. And if this is your
first time seeing this, come and grab
it. Bye.
