Hey guys, what's up? Matt here. I'm
going to go over my YouTube membership.
So, I was a sales trainer for a long
time. Had a company called Seventh Level
and a company called Sales Sniper. And
in that, I trained an awful lot of sales
people. Also did sales for a lot of
different businesses. Uh tons of
different types, you know, big teams,
small teams, fintexs, uh solar
companies, coaching companies, gyms, you
like you name it, home improvement,
everything. Uh insurance. And and so um
I get asked all the time like, "Hey, do
you have any sales training?" And the
answer is always like I have a ton of
free stuff on YouTube. I'm not a sales
trainer. I don't make money from doing
that. So, um, you can go there and get a
bunch of free stuff, but everyone always
wants coaching. And so, I still coach
teams and do things like that. And I
have tons of RESA videos. I used to have
a course called the closing code, which
was like 50 bucks a week. There was like
a daily roleplay and a nice big library
of content. And that was really cool.
And uh, it was it was great. Everyone
got good value from it. And so, I was
like, well, I'll bring something like
that back, but I'll I'll do it more me
uh this time. And so, this is what that
is. Now, this is a YouTube membership,
so it's housed within YouTube. So, you
know, if someone's like, "Oh, hey man, I
couldn't make my role play this week.
Can I have a refund?" The answer is no.
Um, so that makes life easy for me
because they deal with all of it. Um, so
I have tons of sales training resources,
team trainings, one-on ones, all that
kind of stuff. And that's what this
that's what this is, right? So, this is
a notion board that explains it because
the way that YouTube upload memberships
is weird. It's just a huge chunk of
videos. So, I was like, well, I've got
to make sense of this somehow. So, this
is the course. This is how it works.
Okay. Um, let's go through it together.
So, first thing is that these are the
role plays. These are only for level two
and above and and up. Level one is $49 a
month. Level two is $149. Level three is
199. And these are the times. No, they
won't change. Maybe they will. Don't ask
me to change them. I don't care. And
this is my Q&A that I do once a month.
Um, it changes. It floats around. If you
can't make it, I don't care. Um, it
floats around because I have a really
busy schedule, right? Um, so yeah, but
yeah, join. All right, cool. So, we go
over level one. We go over the
foundations. Um, you know, all kinds of
info on like how to track, what to
track, like the traps around selling,
how you should have a daily routine, how
how to actually be a successful sales
rep, and how to set yourself up well. I
was a seven figure earning sales rep.
One of the things that I did well was
process. I did that really well. I set
myself up. I knew how to make an
ecosystem out of myself and not rely
like a baby bird on new leads coming in
all the time being a little caged
pretend line of a sales rep. Um, all
right. Magic number two. Here's
discovery calls, sales calls, referrals,
follow-ups. Um, this is stuff like, you
know, how to like how to earn more money
in sales, how to turn a PIFF into a a
payment plan to a PIF, how to convert
deposits, how to stop hearing this, how
to do this. Um, and then there's a lot
of objection handling stuff. All right,
so tons and tons. This is old school.
This is pre-pq mat. This is some more
bruism beat him up style I've been
selling for a long time. Um, so this is
how you do all that kind of stuff. Then
from there we've got like discovery cord
training, full scripts, full role plays.
You name it, you got it. Um, it's just
tons of stuff that I done over the
years, right? And then more on objection
handling. So really in-depth stuff on
objection handling here. Plus like live
calls, me doing it, breaking it down,
all that kind of good stuff. Then we've
got like more advanced skills, frames,
customizing your pictures, you know,
reframes, triaging, referral scripts,
lots of one-on-one calls that I've had
over the years. Um, then from there,
like unreleased courses like marketing
stuff, sales stuff, business finance,
lots of, you know, how-to, sales
management. This is like a full sales
management course that I just never
release. So there's that's never free.
Uh, what if I'm bringing you up 50 bucks
or whatever. Uh, then from there, we got
a more on objection handling and all
this kind of good stuff, right? That's
uh all that some of the stuff starts
that's the sales mod. This starts in
level two. Then from there we got level
three which is like at level two the
role plays start. So if you want role
plays you got to do at least level two.
That's 149 a month. Then from there we
got level three has lots of really
advanced that I've done over the
years. Lots of one-on-one coaching
sessions. Like there's like 50 really
in-depth team training videos and then
like master classes, live sales calls,
the congruence academy that I we used to
run years ago. all those recordings in
there and then we have like intensive
that we ran like full two-day events. Um
so yeah guys that's it and you get this
nice pretty notion board. So there'll be
a link down below and you can go through
you do have to be uh on YouTube or a
Google subscriber or something like that
in order to get access to it. All the
billing is done through there so don't
complain to me if they it up. Um,
and then uh, you know, you click the
links and if you got access, you get
access. And I, uh, I look forward to see
there. I don't need to money from sales
training. So, I thought that I would do
it and then, uh, terrify everybody else
that's trying to make money from. All
right, guys. Bye.
