In this video, I'm going to be
explaining step by step exactly how to
handle time, money, think about it,
partner, go through smokeokesc screen
objections, through logistical
objections. This is training going back
for a long way and is literally a step
by step. It comes out of a PDF that I
did years ago called the objection
handing matrix. Has about 50,000
downloads. It's helped me and tens of
thousands of other people close deals
and understand how to actually handle
objections. Not in the sort of like
everybody has a bad mindset way, but in
a real step-by-step way. So enjoy, watch
the whole video and I'll see you in the
next one. To recap, the objection
handling matrix is a graph, okay? Where
we have the three categories of
objections being smokec screen,
logistical, and fear. And then on the
yaxis, we have think about it, partner,
and money. So what I'm going to go
through is kind of each block, and then
we're going to have a specific way of
handling each. Okay. So the first thing
that we'll do is we're going to talk
about a logistical money objection. What
is a logistical money objection? It's an
objection where the person wants to do
it, but there is a like logistical
moving savings in a checking account
type scenario where they have to move
money around or there's something that
they have to do logistically in order to
make that happen. So, how do you
actually combat that? How do you get
over it? How do you get the highest
level of commitment? How do you actually
confirm that it is a logistical money
objection? So, step one is getting on
the same side of the table and
reaffirming their want and need to do
the program, but it's simply just
logistics that's stopping them from
moving forward right now. So, how do we
do that? So we go, okay, from what I can
understand, money might be the issue
right now, but if you did have the funds
available, would this be the answer for
you? Okay. And then you make them answer
and you ask for detail. Go, okay, well
that makes sense. Do you mind telling me
why? Like what is it specifically about
what I've kind of gone through today
that you think will be of most benefit
to you. Make them go into detail and
sort of maybe clarify and probe exactly
what that looks like. Then you go, okay,
well that makes sense. This is where we
would then pitch either a payment plan
if you've only pitched the paid in full
or you pitch a deposit or some small way
of moving forward. Go. Okay, man. So,
because now we're on the same side of
the table. Now, what we've done is
establish the fact they want to do it if
they had the money right now that that
they would pull the trigger. So, you go,
"Okay, well, so from here I suppose like
what are some ways that you think that
we can sort of come up with that you'd
be able to find the findings that you
can learn XYZ skills so that you can
insert emotional driver here? What are
some ways we can do that?" And then make
them think about it. Maybe make them
come up with one or two ways. Prompt
them. You know, if I was able to offer
you a payment plan, would that would
that be of help to you? Okay. Would you
want to kind of want me to take you
through exactly how the pay plans work?
Okay. Yeah, I can do that. Okay. So,
what we can do is this, this, and this.
Now, usually people perceive like a
three or a four pay. What's sort of the
most appropriate way that you think
would be the most reasonable for you?
Okay, the four pay. Okay, then that
makes sense. I can do that for you.
Okay. So, it's just kind of taking them
through the process where they're
thinking about it like we get them on
the same side. We reinvigorate their
want and their need for specifics about
the program. We make them think about a
few options and then we prompt them and
we coach them into a payment plan. Now,
if the payment plan doesn't work, then
we can do a deposit. If the deposit
doesn't work, we can do like a credit
card number, which is a placeholder, not
as like a scarcity tactic. It's like an
emotional commitment and I'm very clear
in that. And then we can help them
through funding options. And so that's
where it's always important to have a
funding option or some way they can use
other people's money. to OPM. That is
how I deal with a logistical money
objection. What I'm going to take you
through now is the logistical place
partner objection. This is all part of
our objection handling matrix series.
Okay. So, what is a partner objection? A
partner objection is a money objection
which is an appeal to a third party
authority which isn't there so that they
can use that as a deflection.
Essentially, it's a deflection. Now,
sometimes they do have to tell their
partner which is fine. So, but
essentially it still breaks down to a
money objection because they have to ask
permission from their partner to spend
the money. There's a couple ways that we
can attack this. But the first thing is
first same way we do with every single
objection is we try and figure out if
it's logistical, if it's fear, if it's a
smoke screen. So the way that we do that
is by getting on the same side of the
table. So step one like okay I from what
I can understand you want to run this by
your partner which I think is a good
idea. If if your partner was was here
right now would you know and they were
saying yes would this be the answer for
you? Do you mind telling me why though?
Okay, that makes sense. And I guess like
with what we've kind of gone through,
like what is it that you feel like you
know you and your partner would find of
most amount benefit of of doing this
program? Okay. Okay, that makes sense.
Now, so like how do you think your
partner feels about you learning the
skills so you can insert emotional
driver here? Like how do you think your
partner feels about that? And then
they're probably going to say, "Oh no,
my partner's really really supportive."
And be like, "Okay, so let me ask you a
question, dude. What happens if your
partner doesn't want you to to move
forward and so with learning these
skills? What happens then? And then a
lot of the time you're going to get
either I'm going to do it anyway. Well,
I'm not going to do it. And so that's
two different scenarios. So if they're
going to do it anyway, then I would ask
them, well like why do you say that?
Well, cuz I really need it, you know,
this, this, and this. And be like, okay,
so well, if you're going to do it
anyway, I guess like how do we present
this in the best way where your your
partner is going to be on board? Because
we want to make sure that they're on
board, right? It's just easier for
everybody. Yeah. Okay, cool. then get
them to present and then coach them
through it and then take a deposit or
just take the credit card details and be
like okay cool man so from here this is
what we usually do in this scenario we
go ahead and take your credit card
details we schedule the payment for 24
hours time and then we can commence you
on boarding that's really just like an
emotional commitment that you're finding
a way to move forward and that you know
you can go to your partner and say that
you know you are committed to this
process but you've respected them enough
to where they can pull that up if they
want to but this is something you really
want to move forward with and now what
we don't want to go to your partners
with a whole bunch of hey this is going
to be amazing and this and this. What we
really want to do is just kind of focus
on some of the problems that you've been
having and and how you think we can help
solve them. Would that be cool? Okay,
perfect. So, that's how you handle that
side. Now, the next side is if they say
that they're not going to do it. So, we
go then it's about coaching. Okay, we
know that we're not going to try and get
a deposit because they really do need to
run it by their partner. Like, this is a
real logistical objection. So, what we
have to do is go, okay, well, how do you
think that you're going to talk to your
partner about this? And then go through
that same sequence as before where we
coach them through it. talk about the
problems, not the solutions. Okay? And
then we schedule the follow-up call,
maybe even with the partner on the call.
So, that's how we deal with a logistical
partner objection. Logistical think
about it objection. So, kind of a weird
one. It's in logistical. It's also in
fear. They're handled the same way, but
I kind of just want to go through it cuz
I can hit a few angles at this. So, what
is a think about it objection? And and
how do we handle it? First things first,
we have to define the objection. So,
whenever you're dealing with a think
about it, you have to define it. And
it's either going to be a money or a
partner objection. Okay? Or it's going
to be something where they're afraid to
succeed, they're afraid to fail, or they
don't know that it's going to work. So,
there are a bunch of different options.
So, first thing you have to do is
actually define what it is you're
dealing with. Too many times I see sales
people just going like, "Okay, bro,
like, you know," and sort of buying into
the narrative. So, hey man, like that's
totally fine. What is it that you want
to think about? You know, and then sort
of walk them through the process where
you get an objection that you can
actually handle. Because if the
objection is I just want to think about
it, then you have to start questioning
the decision-making paradigm that
brought them to where they are today.
And I'll tell you exactly how that
works. So let's just assume you define
it into a money deal with money. You
define it into a partner, deal with it
partner. If it becomes a genuine think
about it objection like, hey, I just
make decisions this way. Okay, we've all
heard that before. This is how you deal
with that. So we go step one, I go,
okay, man, like that's totally fine and
not what from what I understand like
that might be how you deal with things.
I suppose like do you think that like
your your mindset kind of like I guess
shapes your decision-making at all? Oh
yeah, of course. Okay. And are you 100%
happy with where you're at in regards to
exactly what you guys are talking about,
fitness, money, whatever. And they're
going to go, "No, I'm not." And be like,
"Well, okay, dude. That that's fine, but
do you want to allow that decision-m
process to dictate your results and your
life moving forward?" And they're going
to say, "No." And you go, "Okay, well,
why not?" And answer is step one. So, we
establish that. Now, if they're going,
"Okay, yeah, that that makes sense. I
just really need some time though this
this and this and be like okay man like
I guess what I want to say is this is
hard and I understand that. Okay so
we're going to validate their feelings
and then we're going to do a reframe.
Okay so now let's just say you're on a
desert island and you were surrounded by
water. You know a little island and
you've got 17.1 nautical miles around
you of water. That's where you can see
on the horizon if you're at sea level.
Like that's your whole world. So every
single decision you make is based on
that. The fact that you're surrounded by
water on a little desert island and you
can keep walking around that island
forever. It's never going to change.
That's just what you can see. But in
order to kind of see the world for what
it is and get the perspective that you
want, you have to be on top of the
mountain. Like how do we get there? Like
what are the steps that we need to take
to get the perspective that we want so
we can see the world for what it is?
Step one, we got to put on the boots,
you know, buy the ticket or we got to
start walking. We got to pick a
direction. Like we have to make
decisions and we have to start moving
forward essentially. And so like I
suppose like what do you think you need
to help yourself kind of fit the
perspective? Because people only lose
weight when they start making decisions
as if they're already fit. People in
business only start becoming successful
when they make the decisions that a
successful person make. So if the
decision-m process that you're using has
led you to be where you are, how do we
put you in a position in a situation
where when you go to bed tonight, you
know that you're doing everything that
you can to get where you want to be?
There's a couple of different analogies
and stories in there and you can just do
them one at a time. You can do them all
at once, right? because they have to
come to a realization that their
decision-m process around that
particular part of their life is
fundamentally broken and they have to
start changing in order to change. Okay.
So, a fear-based money objection. So,
what is a fear-based objection?
Essentially, it's an objection where
they're masquerading as logistical, but
you know, it's kind of like a mindset
thing or they're just scared to move
forward, which, you know, with decent
size investments is fair enough. like
especially if it's someone in like say
the self-development space, the fitness
space, the business coaching space,
whatever. They might never have done
that before. We have to empathize and
understand the situation that they're in
where it's not the normal behavior. A
lot of us as salespeople, we have these
conversations every single day and we we
have people take action on this stuff
every single day. So, we see it as the
norm, but it's most definitely not. So,
first things first with a fear- raised
objection, we have to have the empathy
and we have to understand and really try
and nurture them through the situation.
But also like coming from that big
brother or big sister approach where
like at some stage we have to get them
out of their own way. We need to go
through like gradations of sort of
objection handling. So first things
first like we handle every objection.
Get on the same side of the table. Okay.
Hey, you know, hey, I just really, you
know, this is I really need to go check
my finances. Let's just say that.
Checking finances is a combination of
think about it and money. And it's
usually a fear-based objection because I
could ask every single one of you
watching this video how much money is in
your bank account and everyone can
probably tell me down to the dollar,
right? So no one needs to check their
finances. That's another thing. So
really what we're dealing with is a
money or a think about it. So we got to
define it. Be like, "Okay, so you know,
if if you did have the funding
available, would this be the answer for
you?" Okay. Do you mind telling me why?
Cuz we don't know if it's logistical or
if it's fear yet. So we have to handle
them all the exact same. So go, "Okay,
well that makes sense. Do you mind
telling me why? Do you mind telling me,
you know, a little bit more about try
and get some more detail?" Exactly like
what we've gone through in the previous
money objections. Then we're going to
go, "Okay, perfect. Well, it all sounds
like it's moving forward." We take them
through. Now, you're going to keep
getting the resistance, and that's where
you're going to start to figure out
like, okay, I think this is a fear-based
objection because this guy is just like
everything's lining up. He wants to do
it. The money's there. It's not an
issue. It's just like there's something
stopping them. And that's when you need
to go into like some cost of an action,
you know, like, okay, well, dude, like,
you know, we've talked about this
before, but like what happens if you
don't fix this in the next, you know, 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 10 weeks? Like, what happens
then? And they would have already
answered that question, you know,
because you would have done a cost of an
action piece. And it's kind of
reiterating some of those points and
then it's just going back through a
reframe which is like, "Hey dude,
totally understand where you're coming
from." And I think that, you know, if
you mind if I can just put sort of my
coach's hat on for a minute. You know,
like I kind of feel like you're making
decisions based off a perspective that
you have instead of their perspective
that you want to have. Does that make
sense? And you'll be like, "Yeah, I
guess so." And be like, "So, everyone
makes decisions based off their
worldview the perspective they have
right now." And so the really hard thing
is and the thing that takes a lot of
like courage and and really a lot of
forethought on your part is to start
making decisions based off where you
want to be because the only way you get
there is by being there and by taking
the steps today so that you can
eventually get to where you want to go.
Like so nobody loses weight until they
start making the decisions of a fit
person. So the moment their brain became
fit person their body followed. Same
thing with business, same thing with
anything. like what do you need to do so
that when you go to bed tonight you know
that you're in the best possible
position to get the outcomes that you
want just like let that ring out. That's
how you handle a fear based objection.
So it's essentially trying to reframe
their decision-m establish their need
and want to do the program and then sort
of dissect the fact that well
everything's lining up so they should be
pulling the trigger but there's
something holding them back. So then
stories, analogies and reframes are a
really good way to do that. All right
guys, I hope that was helpful. We'll put
some examples in and then that's how you
handle a fear-based money objections.
So, so far we've gone through logistical
money, logistical partner, logistical
think about it. Fear-based money and
this is fear-based partner. So, we
handle all the fear-based stuff very
very similarly. First thing we do
establish the need and the want for the
program. Try and dissect what it
actually is. So, this partner objection,
this sounds really really good. I just
want to run with my partner. Okay, that
makes total sense man. Like, you know,
just let me ask you if your if your
partner was right here, you know, and
they were on board, would this be the
answer for you? Yes. Okay. why in detail
and reference basically the exact same
way that we go through the logistical
partner objection. However, the hard
part about the fear-based partner
objection is that it's not really a
partner objection, it's a fear
objection, and they're using their
partner as an appeal to a third party
authority that isn't there. So, they can
offload the decision-m process because
they're scared to move forward even
though they want to because not
everybody does what's in their best
interest like abundantly clear in life
in general. What we have to do is I
guess move aside the partner objection
the same way that we moved aside the
money objection. So get them to is your
partner supportive of you learning the
skills. Okay, do you mind why if you
what happens if your partner doesn't
want you to move forward? Okay, that
makes sense. There's the two routes that
we can go down with that explaining the
logistical partner objection. Handle
those, right? And then they still want
to cost their partner and then we need
to go into a reframe and be like, "Okay,
man. Well, like what is it that your
partner wants to hear?" And then like
what would be the reason why your
partner doesn't want you to move
forward? and that's when you're going to
hear their actual reason. So, by
allowing them to say it in terms of
their partner, you're kind of giving
them permission to to say what's their
deep dark secret without them having to
say it. Be like, "Hey, man. So, I
totally get it. Do you want to speak to
your partner?" But I I suppose like,
what would be the main reason why your
partner doesn't want you to move forward
today? And they'd be like, "Well, you
know, I've just tried a bunch of things
in the past and they might be a little
bit concerned that this won't work this
time." Okay, that makes sense. I can I
can respect that. What is it that your
partner thinks won't work? and what have
you done in the past and explore that
with them. Go down that road and then
allow them to know that it's okay that
things haven't worked out. The mistakes
you make in the past is the tuition that
you pay in the future, right? And so by
allowing them to go down that road and
exploring it, you can be like, well, I
guess let me ask you a question. Have
you ever had this level of support
before or you've had a program with
this, with this, with this, with this,
with this? And they're like, well, no.
And then it's like, okay, how do you
think it would be different if you had
that level of support? like why would
you be successful with that much support
as opposed to the strategy you had
before? And now they're going to tell
you why they'll be successful and be
like, "Okay, man. Well, like given that,
do you feel like your partner would be
more supportive if they knew how much
support you had and how much help and
how much these problems really really
mean to you?" Be like, "Okay, so like we
have sort of a couple options from here,
man. Like cuz it sounds like to me like
what we do would would work and that we
could definitely help you. You know what
we can do from here is we can go ahead
and take your payment details and sort
of like commit to the program. But I'll
explain what I mean and and we can grab
your details and then schedule your
first payment for 24 hours and in that
time you can speak to your partner and
you can go to them with the fact that
like hey I really want to do this. I've
committed to it but if you say no it's
totally fine. We can always back out but
you know I have these problems and these
guys are really going to help me fix
that and that means a lot to me for
these reasons. So you coach them through
that process and then if they don't want
to do that then what you have to do is
you have to book the next call with the
partner or with them. Okay. So that's
how I deal with a fear-based partner
objection. And this is the fear-based
think about it portion. I'm going to
link in the logistical think about it
portion cuz essentially they're the
same. It's just that they're scared to
move forward. We have to figure out why.
We have to chunk down to exactly what it
is and then open up the conversation for
to talk about what's really holding them
back and what the decision-m paradigm is
doing for them. And we have to do it in
a really supportive and nurturing way.
There's no great revelations in this
video. It's very very similar to
logistical think about it. It's a think
about it objection. It's a incoherent I
don't really know what the hell I'm
doing. Let's just, you know, have a
think about it when nobody needs to
think about anything. Not many people
are that deep a thinker where they're
really going to talk themselves in or
out of anything and really consider all
the different angles. People generally
speaking just make decisions based off
whatever they feel at the time. So we
have to get them feeling where they want
to buy. Okay. So I'll go ahead and link
that video here and uh then we'll move
on to the smokec screen section. Now the
way this works is that pretty much
smokeokescreen is the same for whether
it's a think about it money or a partner
cuz they're all [ __ ] objections.
What do I mean by smoke screen? I mean
that like you basically haven't done
your job or they're just not your
client. They shouldn't have been on the
sales call. they came through as a lead.
They didn't know what they were doing.
You've pitched, presented, and they just
they're not really very interested in
what you're saying. The thing you have
to do is just identify it as a smoke
screen. And there are a couple things
that we can do. First of all, all those
strategies that we put in place where
you get on the same side of the table,
define the objection, go through, do
some reframes, do this, this, this.
Those are all the techniques that we
have to use. So, we have to go through
all those first to figure out if it's a
smoke screen or you just kind of get the
feeling that you know, you're just like,
"Ah, this just isn't the guy." Sometimes
that happens. Here's what it is. Champs,
you can't win them all. There's a couple
of tests that you can do. The first is
the open wallet test, which is that
deposit method. Even if it's a $0
deposit or a very, very small deposit,
if they're saying it's logistical and
that they really want to do it, and that
all signs are pointing to yes, but
they're not willing to go through and
get out their credit card to like
reserve a spot so they can have that
emotional commitment. And then you go
through the fear-based component and
you're still not moving forward, then
it's just a smoke screen. Maybe they're
not interested, they're just super
polite. Okay, you can do all the
reframes that we've taught. I'll even
link the podcast where I go through
stories and reframes and analogies to
where I kind of go into the stuff in in
real depth. So, we'll make sure we link
that. But yeah, like that's all you can
do. Sometimes you just you can't win
them. So, if you can pick that, you
know, the key is to go through
logistical, then go through fear. And if
you can't come out the other end, if the
person is just like, "Okay, schedule a
follow-up." Hopefully, they turn up. If
they don't turn up, you know, it was a
smoke screen. They have no intention of
buying. They're just very very afraid of
uh commitment or they're very very
afraid of, you know, having a
confrontation or they perceive to be
confrontation. So, they just lied. It is
what it is. You win some, you lose some.
Hope that was helpful. Probably not what
you wanted to hear, but it's the truth.
