Everyone glamorizes high ticket sales.
There's nomad lifestyle, big
commissions, freedom. But there's a
truth, a dark truth that no one really
prepares you for and destroys more sales
reps than what fear of rejection or
anything else could. And in this video,
I'm going to break down the four things,
the four hidden secrets of the high
ticket sales industry that nobody talks
about. Um, so I can show you how to
avoid those traps. I've sat over 50,000
sales calls. I built a $25 million sales
agency, a $30 million sales training
company. I've trained teams from all
around the world. And I'm going to tell
you that right now. These are some of
the hardest lessons that I had to learn
to make sure that I could stay afloat
and be successful in sales and
specifically in high ticket. All right.
So, mistake number one is the high cost
and the high stakes of inbound calls
only. If you are someone who is new to
sales and you go direct into high
ticket, which I do not recommend or at
least not into sort of ROI based stuff
and it's not because it's particularly
difficult to sell. It's because of the
expense required to get somebody onto a
sales call. One of the more toxic things
about high ticket is the high stakes and
expense of inbound calls. Okay? If you
are someone who is new and you are on
inbound calls and it's $400 a book call
and you don't have a very good show
rate, which is your fault, and and
you're and you're sitting like $600 a
book call and you close one in 10, that
could be $6,000 a book call. Maybe it's
$4,000 a call. that shows if you're
selling something for 5 grand, even 10
grand, that that math will never math.
And so it means that you have to be
competent and good at your job
instantaneously, which is very unlikely
coming out of the gate when it comes to
anything. No one becomes a world-class
sprinter overnight. No one becomes top
of their game or even adequate at their
game quickly. And a lot of these high
ticket training, these high ticket sales
coaches are telling you that you can
come in because they made 50 grand a
month. You know what I mean? Who cares,
right? So that expense means that it's a
really really tricky and very toxic
environment for a new rep to come in.
And so if you are coming in as a new
rep, you need to avoid that trap. You
cannot come in and just simply go
straight for inbound. I don't care how
much your coach who you paid $10,000 you
to teach you something. You know what I
mean? Says that that's the way to do it.
It's probably not. There are a few of
you in which it may be and in that case
well done to you. But it it's such an
expensive venture and there's so much
high stakes behind it that chances are
you're just going to end up churning
account after account after account and
you're going to get really uh
disenfranchised with sales in general
which is why the average person only
stays in sales for 2 to 3 years. So in
order to avoid that we want to make sure
that we start off with an outbound or
something that's lower stakes because
you need to get the volume in order to
move forward. And it's super toxic when
people just come into high ticket and go
sweet. I'm going to go try and find this
huge offer. It's like it's not a great
way to start and it just ends up
absolutely whailing you and it destroys
a lot of reps. Okay, number two is feast
and famine. All right, so a lot of
people uh ride the roller coaster of
high ticket sales and sales and
commissioning stuff in general. It's
because they don't have any mechanism to
keep it nice and steady. I never had to
worry about that because years before I
was in high ticket, I was in fitness
sales and I was selling for my own
businesses, my own gyms. And what that
meant is that like I had a respect for
leads and any lead any phone a phone
number was good enough for me. I wasn't
very picky and so I I had to learn that
over years and years and years of
practice. Um whereas most of these guys
that are teaching these days have been a
sales rep for like a year and that's
just not enough time to be good at it.
It just really isn't. You might be able
to say good things. It doesn't mean
you're a good overall sales rep. It's a
very different proposition. Okay. So if
you don't know how to do follow-up, get
referrals, do outbound, and sort of make
the and work the pipeline, then you're
essentially at the whim of marketers.
And marketing is always going to be in
cycles. And especially when it comes to
high ticket online lead generation,
you're dealing with a very small
percentage of the population. About 3%
of people are going to be, you know, uh,
open and willing to go on a direct
advertising funnel. And they're people
who are usually in a pretty good spot in
terms of they've identified a problem
solution, what they want, who they want
to get it from. And so it's really your
job just to kind of guide them through.
And so um but ad accounts will get shut
down, things will happen. And then what
that causes is it causes lead flow to go
up and down and people go, "Oh, this
place is fucked."
>> It's like, "No, this is inevitable."
Right? And also there's a cyclical
nature to most uh businesses, you know,
like a Christmas store. Would would you
be shocked that the Christmas store
doesn't have any leads in January? Like
no, you wouldn't. Exactly. Well, your
offer is the same. Every offer is the
same. That's an extreme example, but
that's just how business works. Okay.
And so the feast and famine is what
causes people to get in the roller
coaster, right? Or that hamster wheel of
just being on an account for 4 months
and then from there having to churn off
it, you know, or the marketing starts to
go down. Then what they do is they then
go, "H, f this." And they leave. It
takes them two weeks to find a place,
then 3 weeks to ramp up. Then all of a
sudden they're kind of like back up to
where they were. But meanwhile, that
offer that they were on was back up to
normal 8 weeks ago. And that's why like
these people don't actually earn that
much money is because they might have a
30 50k month but they do it twice a year
or they do it four times for the year
and they made like two to 300k for the
year but like they had so much downtime
in between. You know what I mean? But
they think that they're making that much
money every month. So they spend like
they are which is why they all live in
Colombia or why they all live in third
world countries. Like you know if you
had tons of money you wouldn't you
wouldn't need to live there right? You
just go live in wherever you wanted
right like it doesn't make any sense.
And so like this is the feast and famine
cycle of high ticket and it's extremely
toxic and it breeds people with not like
loyalty. I don't really care about that
but it it's just breeds people that like
rely on other people for their own food,
right? Like but like a you know you know
it's sort of like the difference between
a a real lion out in the savannah and a
lion, you know, like in the zoo. Okay.
Lion that's in the zoo gets up does a
big roar. End of the day if daddy
doesn't feed it a steak it's dead. You
know what I mean? Whereas, you know, you
want to be able to go out and hunt,
right? So, that's where that feast and
famine is. So, if you can learn those
other skill sets, then it levels
everything out and then when the
marketing goes down, you activate more
stuff and then you okay, modulate your
own income. Then from there, you can
change the activity levels depending on
what's happening. Okay? So, that's feast
and famine roller coaster. Number three
is the ethical gray zones, right? You
get pressured to sell a lot of shitty
things. And um I remember back uh at the
sales sniper days, we lost a whole bunch
of quote unquote good reps. I never
hired those reps ever again. Um I'll say
that and they've and they've come back
to me subsequently, but um they were
selling something that turned into a
Ponzi scheme and it was like an
investment one. And so I told them I
said I I feel like this is a Ponzi
scheme. They said no, it's not. Anyway,
they got proof given to them that it was
a Ponzi scheme by somebody else and they
kept selling it because they were making
$100,000 a month. Now, that's a scumbag
maneuver, right? And if you're watching
this, which I think some of those guys
are, I still think that you're a scumbag
for doing that. If I found out something
was a scam, I would have stopped selling
it immediately. And some of the guys did
and some of the guys didn't. And that's
very telling. But there are you get
pressured to do things in high ticket
again because going back to point one,
the high stakes nature of it. And I
think it's a really really, you know,
you get some real moral gray areas at
best, you know, when it comes to some of
these things. And I think, you know, if
someone's offering you extremely high
commissions, you know, uh you have to
have a scam meter about yourself and you
have to remove like, hey, if you're
actually good at sales, you should be
confident that you can make money
anywhere. If you the only way that you
can make money in sales through selling
a scam, I think you have to have a good
hard look at yourself and maybe this
isn't for you. But one of the dark sides
of high ticket is that there is this
realm of like selling dreams to idiots,
right? And you know, a large chunk of
the population just struggles to make
good decisions for themselves. And if
you learn how to manipulate those
people, then you you can. And that's a a
really negative thing in my opinion. You
have to avoid that trap because, you
know, there's a reason why, you know,
people move towards sin. It's because it
feels good. Um, and selling scams is a
dangerous road to go down, right? The
last one is the commissions versus
reality, the lifestyle mirage. Okay? You
see a lot of people, you know, doing the
whole private jet, you know, Lambos, all
that kind of stuff, Rolexes. Fantastic.
Good for people. Okay. Don't get uh
drawn in and suckered and start
worshiping those idols. The toxic uh
money talk that happens in high ticket
sales is disgusting. Um, you know, one
of the things that I think is extremely
difficult and toxic is when you start I
won't speak to someone who's not
qualified and you do that through a
purely financial metric. But then it's
like if you're like a young 22-year-old
making eight, say you're making five
grand a month, I won't speak to anyone
working more than 20 grand a month. It's
like, yeah, but you don't make 20 grand
a month because you're new to this and
that's fair enough, but does that mean
that you're not worthy of being spoken
to? And the psychological effects that
that must have on a young person would
be very, I would assume, long-term
negative. And then you get a lot of
people who are just pretending and
lying, right? Like, you know, learn how
to be the 00001%
or like, you know, uh it's all just
[ __ ] And you have to learn to see
through that. And don't chase after
people because they've rented a
Lamborghini or because they own one.
Like you can lease one. They're not that
expensive. Like they are expensive cars,
but like to buy a shitty one is just not
that much money. And if you're doing
commission only sales, like you can make
decent money and not even have to be
that good of a sales rep, especially if
you're selling scams. But you just don't
get sucked into that [ __ ] lifestyle
mirage. It is absolute [ __ ] And half of
these guys make a bit of money for a
couple months, then nothing because they
don't know how to do outbound and
follow-ups and referrals. And so they
offer dies or they've hit unicorn runs,
whatever. And all that stuff is fine.
and I want everyone to make their money.
That's good, right? But don't get sucked
into it because it's going to do nothing
but negative things for you. Okay? So,
those are the four big things that I
want you to try and avoid that will
destroy uh you and high ticket. And uh
I'll see you on the next one. Hey guys,
what's up? Matt here. And I've noticed
that a lot of you are not subscribed.
So, what I want you to do is like go
over and hit the little subscription. Uh
it really helps the channel out. And if
you like the kind of content that I do
and you're like, "Hey, how can I get
similar content but pay for it, then I
have a membership. You can go over and
join that at any stage that you want."
It's like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month, and we do like live Q&As. We have
a coaching call nearly every single day.
And there's like well over 100 videos,
and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So, if you want to check that out,
go for it. uh you know, sign up through
YouTube, cancel any time, all that kind
of good
