In this video, I'm going to be speaking
to Douglas James. He is an ex-Navy
corman, a successful business owner,
entrepreneur, and now has a SAS company.
We've had an extremely similar kind of
story arc. And we're going to be going
over just some of the, I guess, more
real elements of what it's like to try
and build businesses coming out of the
military and just some of the mindset
shifts that you have to make. Let's just
say humbled us in our lives and uh
taught us the lessons that we needed to
learn in order to be in the places that
we are now. So, hope you enjoyed this
content, guys. Have enjoy.
>> Hey guys, what's up? It's me and Douglas
James today. And uh Douglas is a
successful entrepreneur also ex veteran
as you can see by all the autra malt in
his background and now a fellow tech bro
right
software companies and whatnot. But uh
yeah, give the give the people the the
intro buddy.
>> Yeah, Matt, it's always a pleasure to
see you. uh always appreciate our
communications relationship and business
and everything. Um yeah, so I mean I was
uh been in the digital marketing game
for going on 12 years now. Uh prior to
that I was like you said ex-military. I
was in the Navy for 10 years. So I was a
hospital corman. So uh got to travel all
over the world do and see amazing
things.
>> Um end up becoming specialized as a
laboratory technician. So I was the guy
that analyzed your blood and all the
body fluids etc.
Um, and it, you know, that journey took
me to a deployment to Papa New Guinea,
Fiji in the Philippines back in, uh,
late 2014. Um, we were like literally
building schools for kids and it was
like some of the best humanitarian work
I've ever done like as a a human still
to date. So, um, coming back from that
deployment, um, I had actually made E6
on that deployment. So, it takes the
average person. I don't know if you're
familiar with like the American military
ranks, but E6,
>> yeah, E6 is like a high level
supervisory active duty position. Like,
I can be in charge of hundreds of
people. It takes the average person like
12 years to make E6. I did it in
literally five years. So, um, less than
half the time. So, that just kind of
gives you an idea of like how much of a
motivator I guess I was in the in the
military. But, uh,
>> got back from that deployment and
realized, you know, I don't think I want
to be in the military for 20, 30 years.
I've done all I can do. Uh I could be a
high-ranking officer, you know, and I
really just started to poke around in
the online space and realized you can
make a lot of money from home, you know,
if you can help people solve big
problems.
>> So,
>> yeah. So, you solve you can solve rich
people problems and you end up end up
making more money, right?
>> Yeah, that's it.
>> So, what was the motivator to get into
the military?
Um
before I joined the military, my three
options was um to be homeless or have my
family like uh just disown me
>> or go to the military.
>> Homeless or jail. So, four options.
>> Okay.
>> Um and I can unpack that a little bit.
>> Uh but I was
>> I was a little bit of a cheeky child. 18
18 or 19 year old kid, you know,
graduated high school, started
bartending in New Orleans um out till
4:00 or 5:00 a.m. every night. Nothing
good happens after midnight, especially
on Bourbon Street. Um so yeah, I I
really wasn't doing anything with my
life. And uh and prior to that, you
know, I had gotten uh in trouble. I was
working for Target. I got caught
shoplifting, went to jail for like 18
hours, you know. So, uh, I kind of had
like this really troubled childhood
growing up where I kind of observed my
dad like, you know, shoplift and, you
know, beat my mom and physical verbal
abuse was always in the house, even
towards me and my sister. Uh, yeah,
dude. It was it was a really rough
upbringing. Um, I I saw my dad do a lot
of He's actually clinically ill. He's
like a paranoid schizophrenic, so we had
some weird things go down in the house,
dude. So um I really didn't have order
or at all you know there was no
functionality to it you know and the
military really you know brought me that
you know and and really
>> provided you a chance to like to
structure your life and also get some
authority you know get some like okay go
do this thing.
>> Yeah. I think that is one great thing
about the military is like and I think
the one thing that actually makes it
really hard to transition out is that
you're told what to do a lot, you know,
and so when you get out, I think people
are kind of they flounder a lot. You
know what I mean? And so
>> I I find a lot of people struggle with
that. It was the part of the military
that I that I struggled with the most
was being told what to do.
>> Yeah. Same.
>> You know, I I was I was not a fan of it.
Um I knew that I wasn't going to be a
lifer. It's kind of funny actually. we
have like totally different reasons for
joining. Like I had the opposite. I had
a fantastic upbringing, great parents.
>> Um, you know, and I was actually like
kind of terrified that I was just a
massive [ __ ]
>> and I was like, I wonder what happens if
something bad happens to me. And I was
like, I don't I didn't feel like I had
the the mechanisms to be able to like
handle it, you know, and or at least I
just didn't know. Yeah.
>> So I wanted to do like what's the
hardest thing I could do
>> and so I was like I don't know join the
military
>> kind you were like a highle sniper like
right like I mean
>> yeah well I I sort of saw like for me I
saw like a
I saw this magazine photo whatever it
was right and it was a guy like on top
of a building wearing all black with an
MP5 like kind of roping off a building
and I was like oh and I like went into
the recruit and I was like who's this
guy and they go that's a tag sniper.
And I was like, I'll be that.
>> Yeah.
>> And they like, wow. Like there's a bit
of things in between. And I was like,
all right. Well, and the guy laid it out
and he goes, you got to do this and this
and this and this and this. And I was
like, okay, I'll do that. He was like,
all right, sign here. You know, he's got
he's got quotas, right? He was like,
whatever, idiot.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And so, but he laid it out for me
and I was like, okay. And I just kind of
had that written down and I was like,
okay, I do this, then I do this, then I
do this. And I just kind of like went
through and ticked the boxes. Yeah, you
know, I was like, "Sweet."
>> So, um, but yeah, and then, you know,
special operations and all that kind of
stuff, but it was, uh, it was fun and I
got to learn who I was and that was the
goal for me.
>> Yeah.
>> And I knew I was never going to be a
lifer, but I think the military teaches
you a lot of good stuff. I think that
>> especially these days, a lot of these
floundering young men and women would do
very well having someone tell them what
to do and have a regimented life for a
couple years. I think it would
tremendously benefit them because a lot
of these kids are floundering. Yeah,
it's it's crazy where life takes you.
Like, so real quick, similar story. Uh,
when I joined the military, I joined
actually be an information system
technician. I actually knew like what I
wanted to do. Like, you saw the guy
repelling down the building. You're
like, that looks cool.
>> Yeah.
>> I grew up uh kind of homebodied and I've
escaped through video games and
computers, right? And movies and TV.
Like that was kind of my thing. I was uh
sheltered in a sense. So, um when I
joined, I was like, I want to do
computer stuff. So, information system
technician is what I signed up for. But
when I got to like the moment of truth,
it's like eight, nine days in a boot
camp. And they're like, there's this big
chief that's like, "Dude, if you ever
stole, smoked pot, did drugs, we're
going to find out. Went to jail. You
might as well just tell us now." And uh
back then, you know, I told you I went
to jail for like 18 hours when I was 17
because I stole. My recruiter was like,
"Hey, we've expuned this from your
record. If anyone asks, just don't bring
it up. It's cool. You don't need to
bring it up." But dude, I was so scared.
I'm like this 18-year-old kid. I'm like,
"Dang, this big buff chief is going to
kick me off the military." And so I'm
like, "You know what? It's expuned. It's
off my record. I'm just going to mention
it." So you go into the in order to be
it, I had to have like a top secret
security clearance, right? Because I'm
looking at, you know, data. Um, and the
first question in the interview uh with
the with the interviewer, he's like,
"Have you ever went to jail?" I'm like,
"Damn, right out the gate." Uh, I'm
like, "Yeah, stole from Target, 18 years
old, got expuned. My recruiter taking
care of it." He like slams the file.
sorry, you're going to have to pick a
different job. You don't qualify for the
security clearance. I'm like, damn. So,
like, what do I do? So, I called my mom
and dad. I'm crying. Call my grandma.
Mom's like, stay there. Granny's like,
come home. So, I have like doctors, you
know, and a lot of pharmacists on my
mom's side. So, I end up going the
medical route. That's why I chose
Corman. And I'm so glad I did, dude.
Literally brought me to where I'm at
now. So,
>> yeah. It's I actually went down the
medical line as well. So they have like
a thing called a it's a patrol advanced
crater. So like it's a it's like the
highest um non-medic
qualification that like that like non
like core medic that you can get
>> and uh like snipers brought that in when
I was there because like obviously we
were out by ourselves a lot, you know
what I mean? And so we did like we got
to work in hospitals like it was all
life saving. So arterial tie offs, you
know, um like amputations and like
surgical airways and like all that kind
of like really like the seven or eight
core life saving severe trauma type
stuff. And then we could we drive
medications, deliver babies, all the
kind of like weird stuff that you would
have to do like in random situations.
But it was a great course. We went for a
few months and then we got to work in
hospitals and I got to do tons of cool
medical stuff. I worked in the hospitals
like in between gigs. I would go and
then work in the hospital and like in
Taran Cowo in Afghanistan and like you
know assist in like all the trauma
surgeries and I loved it man because my
I was in university to be a doctor when
I when I left.
>> So and then when I got out I thought
about actually going back to that but
then I was like I don't know if I want
to be like 40 years old finishing
university.
>> Yeah. You know what I mean? I was I was
like I don't want to do 12 12 years in
university to be a doctor. like that
doesn't sound very fun.
>> So I went I went I went and sold stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> But yeah. So but run us through like so
now you've got now you've got you've
gone through the high ticket space and
now you've got LeadFi. So break us down
like what's what's LeadFi?
>> Yeah. So thanks for asking. Um LeadFi is
a SAS product that we created over a
year ago now. Um it basically you know
so imagine you know someone opts into
your funnel your website they give you
their name email phone number right
which if they're registering for webinar
or VSSL or DMing on Instagram to your
lead magnet whatever the case is you
collect that data uh so we have patented
and proprietary technology that
basically takes the name email phone
identifies their true identity and then
we extract and identify their address
their current address their date of
birth even their social security number
um as well as uh a lot of other data but
we do that because we want to figure out
what their true financial capability is.
So we have direct integrations with the
top credit bureaus like Experian,
TransUnion, Equifax and we just do a
soft credit pull in real time and now we
pull their credit report. And uh what a
lot of people don't know is like
obviously soft pulling is not new,
right? You go buy a house, a car, apply
for a credit card, they're going to soft
pull your credit. you're going to need
to supply your address and and date of
birth. We don't need that because of our
patent technology that acquires that
data. So, and and for us to do the soft
poll, you have to meet a 98% plus
validation to prove that that person
exists
>> and then we do the soft pole, right? So,
yeah, and then we just deliver that data
back to our clients in real time to
their CRM and it includes like, you
know, all their their credit, their
income, how much money they can spend on
their cards, their debt inc ratio. We
even underwrite for pre-approvals for
funding and financing as well. So that's
that's what we do and we just inject it
into the marketing and sales process to
create more efficiency and rorowaz.
>> That's pretty that's a good feel, man.
You've nailed that. You said you said
that a few times.
>> That probably 12,000 times at this
point.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say you
absolutely nailed it. Um so why why why
did you start it?
>> Yeah. So going back to my story a little
bit, right? Get out the military. Well,
5 years before I get out the military, I
started a lead genen agency. So, now I'm
working with brick-and-mortar
businesses, helping them get customers
from Facebook ads, making my annual
salary on the monthly basis after like
six months, right? Uh, a lot of veterans
are like, "Dude, how do you active duty?
Dude, how are you making money? How are
you showing up in a $200,000 Mercedes?"
I wasn't quiet about it either. I was
active duty making at at one point
multiple six figures a month because I
had five year four about four and a half
years before I could get out the
military because I had my contract,
right? So that got me into coaching and
consulting, right? So I started to teach
active duty and veterans how to do lead
generation for local businesses and and
charge a fee for it. And that was wildly
successful. Fast forward to many years
later, it served over 15,000 uh
customers. We did o with my consulting
agency as well did over combined over
100 million in revenue and we spent 30
million on ads right and then um in a
short period of time in there about
two-year time bracket in there I ran a
YouTube ads agency for with for some of
the top people you probably know in the
industry not going to name names but
that was shortlived COVID they all
shifted their budget so I went all in on
the coaching and consulting
uh but the about the last six months of
running that you know business we're
spending like a million a month on ads
that's doing top line 3 million a month,
right? Everything's cruising, making a
lot of money. Uh got over 100 people on
payroll. Um but in the last six months,
something happened, man. Like
conversion, it stopped converting, you
know. Um that whole time I couldn't look
that look at my P&L monthtomonth because
I knew two months were going to be in
the red and we would always have that
third month uh where it's explosive in
the green and it made the quarter look
good. We didn't know if it was going to
be the first month of the quarter or the
last month. We were just like fingers,
right?
>> Uh because with high ticket, right, we
were selling 5K up to 55K. So, you know,
the buying cycle is sometimes up to two
or even three months at times, right?
Because people got to go talk to their
[ __ ] everyone they know before they
move forward or go raise the capital,
right? Or or whatever the reason. So,
uh, yeah, but the last 6 months I
experienced two quarters in the red and
mind you, I have payroll, ad cost, a
million a month, right? Uh, all the
things, personal expenses, my rent,
taking care of my family, end up losing
almost eight figures in total cash
>> in
>> it sucked. And then in that process, you
know, we were mark we were uh optimizing
campaigns, ad campaigns based off
applications. So, you know, you have an
application for before the book of call.
Hey, what do you do for a living? What's
your income? What's your available uh
you know, capital right now, dude? So,
we found out that people How many people
lie on that stuff? You know, either
>> almost all of them. I I've never ever my
entire sales career taken looked at the
applications because I never saw any
relevance between what they wrote down
and what reality was.
>> Yeah. So, so I knew that in my gut, but
my marketing and sales team at the time,
like the marketing team took that as
gold. And so, if people made five grand
or more a month per the application,
they optimizes optimize our ad campaigns
for it, which worked for a little bit,
but it really started to show up because
the sales team continuously complained
that, yo, these leads are broke. And the
people that said they made less than
2500 a month end up being like 30% of
our high ticket volume on people that
bought a $10,000 or more package. How's
that possible? These people are broke.
Where are they getting 25 10 25 50k
from? It just made no sense. So, I knew
we knew something was up. We just
couldn't prove it. So, I like had it. I
was done. I started to shut it down,
tail back ad spend, let people go. And
um I was kind of, dude, at the breaking
point to be honest in my professional
life, but also in my personal life, you
know, because I was so in depth on
trying to fix this. And I'm also like
traveling. A lot's being asked of me at
the time. Uh, and you know, meanwhile, I
have a daughter and a wife at home that
that I neglected. Unfortunately, I
wasn't there for them, you know, as much
as I would like to be. So, the business
really took a priority,
>> unfortunately. And, uh, dude, I I
literally, you know, kind of like
dropped to my knees one day because I
was at the breaking point of like almost
losing everything. And that's when I
like basically turned my life over to my
faith 100%. And literally everything has
went a 180, dude. And this is about a
year and maybe seven months ago at this
point. Where were we? October. Yeah.
Year, seven monthsish ago. The very next
day that happened, I got thrown into a
three-way text with my partner, Eric.
And Eric's been underwriting for banks
for like 20 years, working with the
bureaus and anything. And I expressed my
concerns of what I want to do. I was
like I was like I simply just want to
know what's in people's wallet before we
talk to them because people are lying.
The marketing team's optimizing on bad
data. Like sales teams just we're having
to freaking hire new sales people almost
every day because they're dropping like
flies. Um yeah, and we basically put our
heads down for about five, six months,
created a product, proved it out in the
coaching industry for my offer, saved
it, turned it around, and then I told
one buddy and dude, it's basically gone
kind of viral in the industry. We have
almost 300 six to nine figure brands
that use lead now and haven't paid a
dollar, not one dollar on ads, which
we're about to start soon. So
>> yeah,
>> that's awesome, dude. Shockingly similar
story to to what I'm doing.
>> Yeah.
>> So, which is uh which is funny, dude. Um
I mean, yeah, very very similar. I I
sort of didn't really we didn't have I
didn't experience the same,
you know, kind of struggle with the with
the business side because but like I had
to leave like seven week I had to leave,
you know, sort of similar thing. I just
sort of sat down probably a year ago did
the same thing was like what the [ __ ] is
happening? throw myself over to the
faith and then like you know it's it's
been a much better journey ever since.
>> Yeah,
>> it's funny that isn't it? So, but yeah,
good good stuff, man. Well, like you
know it's it's been it's been cool to
watch because you know software is a
weird thing and it it it's so much
different you know having both of us
experienced these super high growth
coaching companies that rely so heavily
on ads and I haven't done I haven't done
any advertising for lead by for for a
dialer. you haven't done any advertising
for Leifi. I think we've been going for
it's not about nine months now, 10
months with Dale,
>> right? Um and we have 180 businesses or
whatever it is on,
>> you know, um 700 users, whatever it is.
>> Amazing.
>> You guys have got 300 and you haven't
done any ads. How different is it having
something that's productled?
>> Oh, dude, way less headache. Margins are
better.
It's way,
>> you know,
>> I It's cool because we have such an
innovative like one-of-a-kind
technology. It's like I don't really
have to we don't have to really sell it.
It's like as soon as you hear it, you're
like, "Holy crap, this is the this is
just the first time stuff that's used in
mortgage and auto is available in
mainstream internet marketing, right?"
So that's why it's like
>> so new. But yeah, dude, it's recurring,
right? It's got all the things for a
great acquisition, you know, high higher
margin, recurring um AI component,
software, right? Um book of business.
So, yeah, dude. I absolutely love it.
With the coaching, we had to always go
find a new client. Now, we just get a
client, we keep them happy, and they
keep paying long term. And then the more
clients we get, it just builds that book
of business higher and higher and
higher, right? Whereas the it was
completely opposite before. We just had
to keep finding more and more customers
month after month. That's how we scaled
our you know our revenue unless we could
bolt on like
>> media buying services or like events and
masterminds which is all great to have
but dude time consuming
>> lots of risk too in the coaching space
as you know like I don't even want to
say any letter agencies right now but
you know what I'm talking about it sucks
you know and so
>> even if you're like pristine I know the
best marketers in the world right now
that are that are running the cleanest
businesses and they still get in trouble
and it still cost a million dollars,
>> right?
>> You can't you can't do it right. It's
impossible.
>> Yeah.
>> It's just you you cannot tick all the
boxes,
>> you know what I mean? And then you're
bringing to Yeah. It's it's a it's a
it's a chaotic industry and I think like
it's obviously being witch hunted a bit
at the moment. And I think like all
these huge actors that are, you know,
like done some pretty rockous things
just drew so much attention to it
>> and now it's like you just can't hide on
social media,
>> you know. Um, and it's crazy. But yeah,
and and so like what what's the best
like what's a client avatar for you?
Like who's someone who should reach out
to Leo?
>> Yeah, I mean I would probably say 70 80%
of our customer base right now are all
like coaches or info product owners or
even marketing and sales agencies as
well. Um, you know, consultants. They
all they all use our product. And um
I've actually very you know well
communicated to that audience because I
came from that world like started an
agency started the coaching info because
I was actually successful in the agency
and then started to consult right so um
but dude the other you know 30-ish% are
people that are credit card stacking
doing funding SBA loans uh you know tax
and revenue based loans stuff like that
um they sell life insurance. So, one one
thing I didn't mention is we can also
pull someone's assets. So, if you want
to know for the first time ever, you can
know their actual net worth. So, like if
you want
>> Yeah. Right.
>> Let's say you have stuff like that.
>> Yeah. Say if you have a real estate fund
or syndication or a crypto fund or
whatever and you can only work with, you
know, legally accredited investors um or
or whatever the setup might be, like we
we'll know that. So we can pull their
401k, their IRA, stocks, bonds, CDs,
ETFs, deposits, brokerage accounts, even
their real estate asset portfolio. So um
that's been a useful product also for
life insurance because if they know
their net worth prior, they can sell
them higher life insurance policy uh you
know and basically get a bigger uh fee
up front. And I'll just and I'll just
say too, it's like I mean when you think
about what lead does like if you
generate leads and you sell high ticket
products or service or you know collect
a lot of money from your your client,
BleedFi will basically give you their
real-time purchasing power and what
their net worth and asset portfolio
might look like. So if you are if either
of those are useful to you and this is
all prior to calling, emailing, texting
them, then I'm sure it's a fit, right?
It doesn't doesn't have to be coaching.
doesn't have to be insurance, etc. So,
>> I love it, dude. It's so good to see as
well like the transition. We've had such
similar career arcs. It's so It's kind
of crazy like military, I had an agency,
now went into coaching, military, one
agency, went into coaching, and now own
software. So, like, uh, it's good to see
you seem like, you know, we've spoken a
lot over the years, and you seem in a
much better
kind of like calmer place.
>> We've had much happier. I appreciate you
saying that because you we've definitely
had calls when I was in the thick of
[ __ ] and I'm asking you for advice like
bro like
>> and same with you. You were going on I I
remember it was going down for you
around the same time
>> you know.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah man.
>> Yeah. Well dude it's just honestly it's
good to see good good things happen to
good people like you know you're one of
the few people that when they all pick
up
it's like oh Douglas is cool you know.
So, um, yeah, everyone go check out Lead
Tai. Um, it's been everyone that I know
that using it is like loving it. I've
recommended it to people. So, yeah, go
go check it out. I think it's [ __ ]
awesome. It's a cool thing. It just
allows you to actually get some real
data because, you know, like I knew it.
I used to scream about it with the
application thing because I was a sales
rep. I was a full-time sales rep and I
knew the applications were [ __ ] and
I used to say to all the marketers, "The
applications mean nothing. Don't listen
to them." like just go off the sales
data, don't go off the application, see
what happens. And uh everyone was like
nah man like I was like man like so I
remember even in fitness right when I
was like selling fitness people would
like if like the longer the application
the more involved and like they would
like type their life story out. I knew
they were never buying.
I knew it. And they were like look at
this person. And I'd be like I they
would never pick up the phone and
they'll like if they do like I'm like
you just you told this to me like a day
ago. What's happening? And it's because
like they're just emotionally spitting
[ __ ] out, you know, and it was like a
dump for them and it just wasn't real. I
could also tell like what time of day in
their time it was it was submitted and I
knew if it was real like 2 a.m. Nah,
man.
>> Yeah. They're not in the right mind.
>> It's not legit.
>> They're scrolling at it's Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Not the right. the guy just posted the
name, phone number, email and it's like
I'll pay 50K and it's like all right. So
it's like just have the conversation and
see what happens. You know what I mean?
But if I can if you can have like the
genuine numbers and then because if you
have a lot of opportunity like that's
actually a difficult thing is to like
triage that, you know, like because
you're you're going to leave something
on the table regardless. And so like why
do that if you don't have to? And you
guys are just like like on a per lead
basis, right? Yeah, we just charge per
lead. You know, obviously in the
beginning you you have to get a license
set up and we set it up in your in your
CRM and everything, but yeah, it's just
a per lead. You you know, you just pay
for what you use, right?
>> Um
>> it's beautiful model, man. Yeah,
>> I love it.
>> There's a plan to are you going to stick
around? You going to exit? What are you
going to do?
>> Uh dude, I every time I think I'm going
to exit, um two months, three months
goes by and our valuation doubles. So,
you know, like we'll see. you know,
right now I just love what I do. I love
servicing this community. Um, you know,
it'll, you know, before I would do
consulting, right? I mentioned I had a
consulting agency and we were doing what
a lot of people do, you know, to improve
lead quality to get more qualified
people booked. Dude, I see so many ads
from people. They're like, "If you want
more qualified leads, dude, if you're
not using LeadFi and you're promoting
that, you're basically lying to people.
Like, what are you talking about more
qualified leads? Like what are you
using, dude? And so I mean that that
goes into like another thing I'll just
explain. Like data providing isn't new.
Like you can go scrape people's IP
address. You can go pull public records.
There's websites you can use that gives
you survey data and you could punch
those in algorithms and try to estimate
and guess what someone's credit and
income is. It's not what we do at all,
right? Like we do an actual soft credit
poll. So it's super unique when you just
have name, email, phone. And then one of
the common things that we see too is
like we've actually had to spend a lot
of time educating people around credit
score because um people don't know that
there's different type of scores, right?
You open up your Experian account, your
Chase or American Express and you'll see
your credit score be like, "Oh, my
credit score is, you know, 780." Okay,
great. What kind of score is that?
There's two. There's Vantage and FICO.
>> We'll do another one of these, I think,
because we can go pretty deep into it. I
think it's super interesting. Yeah.
Awesome, man. Well, we we'll catch up
again soon. Go check out Douglas. We'll
link all the stuff in the details in the
in the comments below and we'll have a
link to go and get leads by and uh yeah,
it's good stuff, man. I I'm seriously
glad that you're doing well, dude. It's
[ __ ] good to see you.
>> Likewise, bro.
>> All right. Wait.
