If you're a sales rep and you're looking
for the absolute best sales gig to try
and get into in 2026, then this is the
right video. I'm going to be breaking
down the top 10 best industries to sell
in. I'm going to be breaking down the
income floor, the income ceiling, what
type of sales it is, who's best for it,
and if you're a newbie, beginner,
advanced, [music] whatever it is, which
ones are going to be right for you, and
then I'm going to tell you about some
really cool opportunities that I can see
going into 2026. All right, guys. So,
the absolute worst thing to sell in in
terms of being a sales rep is retail.
Retail takes uh tons of time. There is a
really really low ceiling. There is like
a low floor I suppose because the floor
isn't zero like in a lot of them. But it
also doesn't teach you much. So the
skill required is almost none. Okay. But
I think it can for somebody who is like
wanting to get into sales who just
really doesn't have much an
understanding of how to communicate with
people. I think you do learn how to
communicate. There are some companies
that have very good retail training
programs like some shoe companies and
stuff like that where they get you to
try and upsell people into more pairs of
shoes, different types of shoes, stuff
like that. There's one notably in
Australia called 9 West and they have
like the third shoe and it is a pretty
good training regime. However, it's not
a massively transferable skill. It's
sort of barely considered a sales job,
although it does technically take it.
So, I would say that if you're looking
for a great sales game in 2026, retail
is not a good sales opportunity and nor
is it something that you should look
into if you're looking to progress in
your sales career and actually kind of
get into better stuff. Number nine, so
the ninth worst I suppose is doortodoor
lower ticket stuff. So whether it's
magazine salecriptions, stuff like that.
Now the skill needed for this is high
and the income floor is low and the
income ceiling is low as well. the time
that it takes you to build up the money
to be successful in this is really long.
And it's like I suppose the only
argument you could make is that it's not
bad for newbies who are looking for
opportunities where they get the door
slammed in their face an awful lot. And
there is an element to that which I
think is actually really positive. This
would be very similar to the next one
which I'll take you through, but it is
high volume. You do learn the skill of
doornocking which I think is a positive
thing. So that's why it's above retail.
However, it's going to be frustrating
and it's going to be very very difficult
for you to make significant amounts or
even moderate amounts of income. And so,
if you're someone who's going to do it
for a season and a reason, then I don't
think it's terrible, but it's definitely
not a good opportunity. All right, the
next one, which is number eight, is like
telco instore consumer sales. So, it's
pretty common actually. One of the
better sales reps that I've ever known,
uh, road tamaki, who I've known for a
long time, member of sales sniper, we
call him the black prince or piff. He
actually came from T-Mobile consumer
sales and I'm pretty sure he went into
more of the commercial side, which is
not a bad place to be, which is why I'm
saying consumer plans in particular.
It's sort of retail plus, but you can
make a lot more money than in a
traditional retail environment just
because the plans and pricing and profit
margins on those things are actually a
lot higher and so you actually can make
decent money. However, it's again, it's
not a massively transferable skill. The
skill required for it is like not high,
but the income floor is a bit higher.
So, you're going to get like more than
minimum wage. Generally speaking, the
income ceiling is quite low, especially
for the consumer plans. Like, you just
you'd struggle to make six figures. The
time to money, it takes a while to build
that up. And especially, it can be quite
a competitive environment within the
store itself. And so, really, it's best
for people that I think might want some
security and want to enter into an
entry-level sales position, but want the
security of a wage and don't want to do
something like a doortodoor, you know
what I mean? where you you do get a lot
of experience but you know you don't
really have any sustainable or
consistent income to fall back on so it
is a bit of an all or nothing scenario
so that's sort of those in store number
seven might be surprising it's car sales
I don't think car sales is a super good
opportunity now you can scream at me in
the comments and like any industry
someone can crush it in car sales
absolutely no doubt right however I
would say it's not a massively
transferable skill set which I think
it's a very common thread throughout
what I think is a good job. I think
that, you know, you ascend through the
levels of sales rep to get to
opportunities that are really really
high income. And, you know, if you're
doing 500K a year, which is a great
income, don't get me wrong, but that is
top top top top tier car salesman,
right? Just because selling cars itself
just isn't that profitable of a venture.
It just really isn't. And so, there's
just not a lot of margin to pay the guys
a lot of money. Also, it's a very
commoditized, you know, like you're
selling the same thing. So if someone's
selling the same car for cheaper, like
they're not going to buy it off you. And
so you end up kind of not gaining some
of the skill sets that you would usually
get if you're in an environment where,
you know, you get a multiple different
type of lead. You have a couple
different ways of selling the product.
However, you can definitely make money
doing it. The floor is very low. The
ceiling is decent, but it's not really
high. And so that's why I'm not scoring
it that well. The time to money, it is a
difficult thing to do. The skill
required is pretty high to be good at
it. And it can take a while to build
that up. and also the location. There's
a lot of factors that have a large
variable into do whether or not you're
going to be successful in this
particular avenue. So, I'd say it's best
for people from a personality
perspective. It's best for people who
are like really forthright, very, very
confident. Those are the people that are
going to do well. Okay, we're getting
into number six and then we're going to
go into the last few in a little bit
more detail. Okay, so the next one is
real estate leasing. So, I say leasing
specifically because real estate leasing
is nowhere near as lucrative as real
estate selling. I used to do a lot of
stuff with Ryan Sirant. I worked with
them for years. You know, the leasing
agents are the ones who usually come in
and they're looking for like they're
brand new, right? Because it's, you
know, it's seen as easier. It is not
super lucrative and it is very, very
high admin, very high touch point. You
still have to do all of the same things
as selling, but you get very few of the
benefits. And so, the ceiling is low,
the floor is low, the skill required is
basically the same as selling because
you have to go out and get the listings
and all that kind of stuff, but you just
can't make as much money. So to me, like
I guess it's best for someone who is
coming into an environment, wants to do
real estate sales, but then needs an
entry point. They can learn on the job
without burning a network. I guess I
just don't really see the point in doing
it as your only thing. But I guess if
it's a scenario where you have to, you
know, then do it. Now, these are the
last fives. These are what I consider to
be the best opportunities for you to get
into sales in 2026 and things that are
going to do really, really well and are
basically kind of bulletproof industries
for the most part as long as you have a
good skill set. So, real estate sales,
obviously, it's probably where you could
make the most amount of money. So, I
think real estate sales probably has the
highest ceiling. I don't think there's
any sales people that actually make more
money than extremely successful like
top.1% real estate agents. Like, you
take someone like a Ryan Sirhand or a
Frederick Ecklan or any of those guys
and and they're making probably eight
figures a year. So, it's got the crazy
high ceiling because if you can get into
really luxury real estate, you know, the
sale isn't selling the house. The sale
is getting the listing. So, it is best
for people who are great at networking
and get their social energy from going
out there and networking. It there is
nowhere near a 9 to5. And so, like the
trade-off here is that you are working
weekends, you have to have a BMW, you
have to wear a suit, right? And like
it's a fantastic opportunity, but it is
the 1% making 99% of the income. Okay?
And that's because it is a hustler's
world. If you are a successful real
estate agent, you are a straight
hustler, hard worker. It doesn't
necessarily mean that you are a skilled
salesperson. That's not what it
requires. It requires straight hustle.
Like people who are successful in high
ticket would be comically woeful at
being a real estate agent. Now, real
estate agents could probably transfer
into high ticket. I still think high
ticket is a better opportunity for most
people, but high ticket sales people
like compared to real estate sales
people, they're like opposite ends of
the spectrum. High ticket rarely do
anything. They're very unprofessional.
They like suck at follow-up referrals,
outbound, do anything. They seem to be
fed leads, daddy please, daddy please.
They are not self-reliant at all and
they're little [ __ ] Whereas real
estate agents are usually straight
[ __ ] hustlers, but if you get them on
a sales call, like they're comically
stupid at it. However, you know, I
probably rather that side than the other
side to be honest. So again, the skill
needed is super high to be really good.
Income floor is super low. Income
ceiling is incredibly high. Time to
money takes a very long time to build up
to be good at this and it's best for
people who are just absolute savages and
just want to work and they're going to
power through any scenario. Now the next
one is uh SAS. SAS or high or like tech
sales. Now SAS and tech sales like I
have a bit of experience in that. I own
a SAS company. It is not a skill-based
position. It is a professionalism based
position and it is pure like relentless
outbound opportunities. You need to be
someone who's good at filling out your
CRM. You're good at followup. You're
good at getting referrals and you're
someone who will chase people because
you can't mindset a business into
getting a software. It's not how it
works. And so there are just logistical
barriers in the way of actually getting
someone to sign a proposal that involves
say changing over dialing softwares for
example. Like that is a big shift and
there's multiple stakeholders. So some
high ticket guy who's just like [ __ ]
you know, let me show you a different
perspective. Like it's just not going to
go down that well. And so it's like the
best people in SAS are people that are
like grinders and super organized and
professional. You know, those are the
ones that do really really well. And so
the skill needed is not high, but the
professionalism required is very high.
The income floor, you're almost always
going to have a good salary. The income
ceiling is pretty high, but it's nowhere
near as high as something that doesn't
have a salary. The time to money is
pretty quick because you're usually
going to have a salary, but the reason
for that is because the comms are
relatively low because there's a hard
cost of the software and stuff like
that. So, you might get 5%, you know
what I mean? Like of like but you get it
over the lifetime. And so, it's not like
a high ticket deal where you're just
getting like bang a big whack of cash.
What you're doing is you're building up
a book, right? So, you can definitely
get to 50 60k a month for sure selling
software if you're good at it. You know
what I [clears throat] mean? But it's
going to take time to get there. But
usually you're going to be supplemented
with a 100k salary or something. And who
it's best for. This is really best for
people who are experienced sales reps
who understand like how to run
proposals, how to run meetings with
multiple stakeholders, how to follow up
and how to do all those professional
things that I think set, you know, a
high ticket guy apart, you know, a
really successful one from a successful
one. Now the next one, this is what I
think like the number two is, okay, is
high ticket. So high ticket is an
interesting niche and it's a niche that
I've been heavily involved in for a long
time. And actually, if you guys go into
the comments down below, what you'll see
is you will see a booking link for
committed coaches, which is a high
ticket business which is getting over
11,000 book calls per month and it has
like 3 to 400,000 leads a month and they
are in desperate need of reps. It is a
good opportunity. It's strong commission
structure and if you go down below, then
you can actually go in there and you can
apply. I've been doing some training
there for years. I've been involved in
them for a long time. It's a quality
super high volume high ticket business
which is super rare in the space because
most high ticket businesses are sort of
high ticket low volume or low ticket
high volume. This is a high ticket high
volume and so you get an incredible
opportunity to be able to do like
outbound for unlimited leads or inbound
for unlimited leads. You get a a product
which is health related which I think is
a real positive and they have plenty of
things in place in order to to get
people better including some trainings
with myself. Okay. All right. So, but
high ticket, okay, the skill required to
be successful in high ticket is high.
Now, I'll juxtapose that with the
professionalism is low. Okay? So, like
most people aren't doing follow-ups and
referrals and doing that kind of good
stuff. Now, if you do that, I think that
you will outshine everybody, but you do
have to be relatively skilled on the
phones. And this is the same whether
you're selling a high ticket info
product or if you're selling something
like fitness. I'll give you an example
with fitness. The reason why fitness is
difficult to sell, however, if you
figure it out, you can basically sell
anything. So, I think it's very much
worth doing. It's where I got my start
in sales. What you're doing is you're
asking people to stop doing things they
enjoy. Replace that with physical pain.
Ask them to take time out of your day
and stop doing things that they enjoy
and then from there pay you for the
pleasure. So if you can convince someone
to do that, you can get them to buy a
SAS product, right? And most of the top
people that I know came from fitness
sales. The reason being is it's a very
emotional, difficult sale and you have
to grind and then usually the targets
that you get are ridiculous and so you
have to sort of do a lot of other stuff
in the meantime to make it work. So I
would say like for something like a
committed coaches which again you can go
down below and you can grab the details.
You know the skill required is not super
high because it is crazy high volume. So
you actually get an opportunity to kind
of you know supplement that. But
generally speaking for high ticket the
skill set required is relatively high.
The income floor is zero. The income
ceiling is very high. I would say it's
second only to real estate. The time to
money is usually pretty quick because a
lot of the time, like if you're half
decent in sales, you can ramp up to a
good level quickly because most high
ticket sales are basically identical.
So, if you've done it before, you can do
it again. And it's best for people who
are high-risisk, highreward people. Most
people in the high ticket space are like
a entrepreneur, and I don't see that in
a negative way. I mean, like they're
just more entrepreneurial people, but
they don't necessarily want to start a
business, which is why it's sort of sold
as a bizop a lot of the time. Do you
know what I mean? So, I think that it's
a fantastic option for people who high
risk, high reward, want the high
ceiling, don't mind the low floor, and
want to get a true sales skill set
because I believe that probably high
ticket is the most difficult overall
medium to sell and it is from a pure
skill set perspective, the most
transferable. Right? If you are very
very good at high ticket consistently in
multiple different offers and you learn
the skills of professionalism, you can
basically crush it in any industry, any
company, and you'll be totally fine.
Now, the number one, the best industry
to get into, and I'm going to spend some
time on this, is insurance. Now, a lot
of people think that insurance is a
little bit of like a pyramid scheme or
something. So, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to break down for you exactly
how insurance gets paid out, and then
you'll understand. So, generally
speaking, if uh you sell a policy for
$1,000 a year, I'm just going to use
round numbers, you will usually get paid
like say 100% of that premium, which
means you'll get paid $1,000. Now,
you'll get paid 60% of that upfront.
Okay, let's just say that. So, you're
going to get paid $600. And then from
there, there's $400 when they reach like
the month 9 or something like that. Then
from there, the person above you who's
like your manager, okay, will get say
130. So, there's a difference between
the 100 and the 30. So, they're going to
get 30. So, they're going to get 300.
Whatever. If I'm wrong in the math,
whatever. But you guys get it. Then it
might be like the agent, the full agency
might be at 160. Okay? So 160% which is
$1,600 of the first year's premium is
paid out by the insurance company in
advance. Which is why it seems really
weird, but the reason for that is
because the insurance companies, they
know math and they have actuaries.
Actuaries are the people that do all of
the the mathing to see if people should
be get, you know, and they don't make
mistakes because if they did, insurance
wouldn't be profitable. Okay? But what
they do is they know the average person
has an insurance policy for 12 years. So
when you think about it, they're paying
out right 1 point say 6 years to get 12.
If that person dumps out early, then
they claw back the commissions. Okay? So
that's where the risk is. But that's why
you can sell something for $1,000. You
can only take a h 100red and you'll be
paid $600. So that's why it looks really
weird when people see it. They go, "Oh,
that's a pyramid scheme." It's really
not. what it is, it's how insurance
companies mitigate having to have sales
and marketing frontends. So, they have
IMOS, right? Internet marketing
organizations or these other agencies
that get 160% of the first year's
premium and then they it gets paid down
throughout some of the people, but
nobody's on salary. And so, it's like
and the goal is that the more you sell,
the more you take, right? And then
there's an agency usually at 160. Then
there might be like a middle management
layer at 130, right? The difference
being 30 and then you're at 100, right?
So, it's 30, 30, and 100. So, the rep is
getting paid the vast majority of that
amount. It's just that the people in the
upper layers are getting paid a little
bit from a lot of different people,
okay? But it's it's it's paid sort of
like bottom up, like not like top down
or like something like that. But the
reps are always going to get paid the
most for the sale. And that's why the
math makes sense. And that's how people
can be, you know, selling things that
are not that expensive, but making a lot
of money in commissions. It's because
the way that insurance works is it's a
very long tale. It's actually not just
similar to alarm sales. alarm sales, you
can get a lot of commission even though
you're installing it for free, but
they'll install it for free. Then they
sell the contract to the alarm
monitoring companies. The alarm
monitoring companies might pay 3 years
upfront knowing they're going to get 18
years out of the person. So that's how
those work and people don't really
understand how that works and so it
looks weird. Then you add into the fact
that any sales job has a distribution
curve that looks really similar to like
an MBA bench. So Steph Curry at the week
of filming this, he got like two nearly
he had a 47 to 49 point game backtoback.
Okay. I think they only had 100 points.
So he's scoring like half the points for
the team or on average like a third of
the points for the team. He also makes
more than basically everybody else
combined. It's because he's Steph Curry.
So like the distribution curve in sales
is very similar to professional sports
because it is a pure skill-based
activity, right? It is hustle and skill.
So, if you don't hustle and you're not
very skilled, you make [ __ ] all money.
If you hustle a lot and you're really
skilled, you make a shitload. And so,
that's why those two things combined, it
just looks weird. So, whenever I see
that kind of stuff online, I'm always
like, "Well, that's not really how that
works." And I'll happily speak to people
about it. I'm sure there are some
sketchy ones out there, but I do run an
insurance agency with Caden. It does. We
do like final expense and we do like a
bunch of other just like general
insurance type stuff, like general life
insurance. If you want to know more
about that, you can go down below. It's
called Sniper Insurance. There's a link,
you can book a call. Kaden does these
calls. He's a fantastic guy. We don't
take on a ton of people because we like
to keep it pretty small and niche and
just people who actually want to kind of
get after it because we do a lot of
training for those guys. Okay, that's
for American citizens only. If you come
to me, you're not an American citizen,
then don't come to us because you can't
go there. You should go to our committed
coaches instead. But insurance, one of
the reasons why I think it's probably
the best opportunity is because more
millionaires are made from insurance
than any other industry. The main reason
being it is 100% recession proof and
bulletproof because everybody needs
insurance all the time. It is never
going anywhere. The skill required to do
it is not very high. If you want to make
a shitload of money and go into ILS
where you're in that sort of like I I
know people personally who make $3
$400,000 a month selling that kind of
stuff, okay, which is insanely high
amounts of money. So insurance is you
know around it's more than high ticket
probably less than what real estate can
make but overall because you can
actually sell your book of business the
overall income potential I think is
higher because you actually can start to
build it as a business and sell it where
it's difficult to do that with other
things. The income floor is absolute
zero even negative because a lot of time
you do have to buy leads. So if you're
someone who is like I've got no money
insurance probably isn't for you. The
income ceiling is incredibly high. The
time to money I think is relatively
quick. If you have any sales acumen and
you're willing to work an eight hour a
day, you will probably do pretty well.
Most people, from what I can see, don't
even come close to working three hours a
day in insurance. So, if you're willing
to do a full day, you'll probably do
okay. And you can start making a good
income pretty quickly. And then it's
best for people who like working hard
and who want to develop a long-term
skill set because a lot of these funnel
into insurance, you know, retail,
doortodoor, telco, car sales, real
estate leasing, real estate sales, high
ticket, um SAS. One thing that one that
I didn't talk about that I forgot is
medical device and then insurance,
right? Like these are things that a lot
of people who are at the top of these
will end up in insurance because you can
make monies in multiple different ways.
You can sell a book a business and it
really is a completely recessionp proof
way of making money in sales. And so
that's why I think going in 2026 is
probably the best opportunity. If you
like this kind of content, guys, and you
want this more like long form kind of
stuff, then let me know down below in
the comment. If you want me to do any a
real deep dive into any of these ones in
particular, then let me know in the
comments. And uh like, subscribe, all
that kind of good [ __ ] cuz it really
helps out the algorithm. and I will
speak to you
