Welcome to the episode of coffee is for
closers. It's myself James today. No big
Jack James can't but that's cool. And
today we're going to talk about is the
master class that we're currently doing
and the preparation that me as a
salesperson did in order to I guess try
and get the maximum amount of sales and
you know
I guess try and get the most out of a
one-to-many selling environment and the
thought process behind the preparation.
So with that let's cue the intro and
we'll get into it.
If you listen to this podcast, you will
make your first million within 3 years.
I'm going to repeat that. You will make
a million dollars within 3 years of the
first episode you listen to.
We don't want pikers. We're not here to
save the manatees. We're here to make
podcasts. You really want this. You
listen and review.
Put that coffee down. Yeah, cool. So
before those like on timeline, we
literally just finished filming day one
of the master class with Jeremy Meyer.
We feel like it was pretty big success.
And this is the first time you've really
put any preparation into presenting
anything.
Anything.
Yeah, like he he wrote 14 pages of
script. Yeah. Did you read it? I did. I
did word for word pretty much.
Well, there you go. You did well
actually. Yeah, well I'm pretty good at
reading from scripts these days. Yeah,
yeah. So What do you mean you're pretty
good at reading? You never do it. How
can you be good at it?
Well, when I sell I read from a script.
Yeah,
Yeah, yeah, pretty much word for word.
Yeah, yeah. I'm I'm a script guy. Yeah.
I thought you just had your script there
and like you know it back to front.
Well, I've memorized it by now.
So but I have it I always have my script
there. It's an important thing. You tip
for young players always have your
script there so that you can uh
Yeah, I okay. So I guess the difference
in my interpretation is you've got small
amounts of parts on that script where
you Right, right. Yeah, right. Whereas
this was like
No, it's just reading. Paragraph
paragraph paragraph. Yeah, it's 14
pages. I thought it was a book. Yeah,
yeah, it's 14 pages. Might release it.
Hashtag hashtag release release the
pages. No, so actually like what what I
did is I've been
So I've never done it before. I've never
MC'd a master class. Like I've I've
given master classes and I've done all
that kind of stuff. So the thought
process was different. So the two best
guys that I know of that do it is Eli
Wild and Brad Newman.
Yeah. Uh now I've been a part of master
classes and I've and I've given master
classes where where they have set them
up and they've done the preceding and
all that kind of stuff. So I'm going to
be fully transparent. I watched a whole
bunch of their master classes and I took
the principles that they were doing.
Also Eli was lucky enough on the last
one that we did for the Congruence
Academy. Did somebody say Congruence?
Right, comment hashtag Congruence
Academy. He was the host. Yeah. So he
actually taught me what he was doing,
why he was doing it. So I had about four
sessions with him
because he took a percentage of the
take, right? That was kind of the deal.
He made good money. He probably made 30
40 grand out of you know probably out of
like 5 hours work plus a few sessions
with me. So it worked well for
everybody. But he kind of taught me the
principles of preceding, what you want
to get out, what are the things you want
to do, when you want to do them. So I
kind of had an understanding and I even
went back and watched a few of those
sessions that we had together because
he's very very good at it, right?
I mean he learned from Tony Robbins. So
I was like okay, I took that and then I
took what Brad Newman did. Brad Newman
has a very very different approach. But
after kind of comparing the two I could
see the similarities in principle and
then I took some of the word tracks that
they did and I kind of broke them down
into like what are they trying to
achieve out of each word track and I
kind of reworded the word track in order
to I guess be more reflective of me and
my personality and insert some of my
stuff. But I definitely had to like
change the personality somewhat because
I'm not like a Hey guys like I'm not a
super happy guy in general. Neither is
Jeremy. He was today. Yeah, I had to
kind of turn it up to 11 today because
you have to be the guy that's kind of
like bringing the energy and bringing
the funk and you know that's one thing
that like Brad Newman in particular is
particularly good at. He's
hilarious. Hashtag salesgasm and all
this kind of stuff. So there were lots
of really funny things that he did and
things that I took from him and things I
took from Eli and then watching all the
different master classes I kind of
pieced together a bit of a Frankenstein
of of what I think what I thought would
would work and you know the retention
for the first day we don't know how
effective it is yet but the retention
from the first day we had like yeah just
under 500 and we had pretty much
everyone stay all the way through to the
end.
I mean it was 1:00 a.m. for a lot of
guys. We went about 45 minutes over the
allotted time. Yeah, they got
that's right. We ended up with about 400
500 to start 400 at the finish but we
had we we kept about 90% of the
attendance all the way through to the
last 20 minutes. Yeah, well um comment
on the YouTube video as well like what
we did well, what we can improve on. And
I know Eli if you're watching, thanks
for sitting up the whole way through
that 2 hours. Love to hear from you what
we can do better. Watching me do your
pitch.
I I I gave him a shout out. I was like I
learned this from Eli a couple of the
exercises. I've got some other exercises
tomorrow that are kind of that are going
to be like
inches. Yeah.
My 6 inches. Yeah, exactly. That's all
Eli. That's all Eli's stuff.
But also that stuff's from Tony. You
know what I mean? So you know and I'm
sure Tony learned it from somebody
else. So
you know, it's always kind of things and
they're all like little little word
tracks and exercises to to create a
visual and emotional representation of a
concept which we're trying to convey
over the day. So what did
what are some of the things that you
took out of Brad's stuff that you
applied? Like what are the things that
he does really well in presenting
one-to-many? Yeah, so I think and again
I'm pretty new at this but I think what
he did really really well was like hold
the energy of the group the entire way
through and his interjections
were well-timed, appropriate, powerful.
He was almost like the Morgan Freeman.
Mhm.
Right? Of the master class.
He doesn't have the buttons. I had
buttons though. That's one thing. I took
that to another level. I had the wah wah
wah wah. Had fire. Had a bomb. I wish
you just put that in the sound.
That one I don't think it's ever been
used. It's like a $1,000 bit of kit. You
can put it in my We don't use it
anymore. We just use this and that mic
which you can't see it's off camera cuz
I have a dope ass camera now. If you're
watching this you're watching this in 4K
10-bit.
We might set it up on that table over
there.
have to be for the border. We're
actually this is the new this is the new
setup. So we're going to have something
behind us, right? I think. We have the
world's biggest light. I mean I I will
do a photo of it but it is literally
it's bigger than James. Yeah, well I am.
My kids could easily fit in there. It is
comically enormous but it's a nice soft
lighting, James. Makes us look young and
youthful.
I like my my lighting is usually medium.
Medium.
the soft is great.
I like my lighting I don't know what the
I like my lighting hard fast. All I know
is you press a switch like come on,
right?
Yeah, I set all this stuff so all you do
is sit there. These microphones are just
for show. These
are the best microphones you can buy.
Yeah, they don't do anything. But
anyway, they look good for a podcast. We
should probably have them here so people
think that we're talking on microphones,
right? But we're not. Yeah.
And then the audio of this is actually a
bit better but I can't be
It's it's hard to say. I move around too
much talking to a mic. You come in come
out.
Yeah, it's terrible.
You need to be right there, right?
Anyway, so that's that's what Brad does
well. Yeah. What does Eli do well? Uh
Eli is very very good at very good hand
movements, very good presence. His
presence is like completely Yeah,
charisma is like undeniable.
Yeah. I think what he does best from
what I've seen is like the foundation
laying for the end straight away. So he
does like it's a separation.
All right, so it's an us versus them. So
like edifying the people that are there.
Like if you watched
what he did today I was like you guys
are the ones at this. You know, you guys
are here. You guys are the ones that are
committed. You guys are the sales
athletes, right? Now we have 400 500
people here today. We have 1,000 people
in the Facebook group. So we already
know you guys are the most committed,
right? But we can actually see the
analytics of all the people that went
into the landing page to join the free
group and we had over 2,000 people do
that. So we automatically know that from
2,000 that went watching live today, you
guys are the ones that are driving the
needle forward. You are the sales
athletes. You are hashtag committed. Put
hashtag commit, right? So that is all a
word track from Eli. Yeah, yeah.
Right? Because what that does is it
separates it's the us and them. Right?
So some of the sales tactics
Everyone wants to be the us.
Yeah. All the sales tactics that you use
in one-to-many are very like it's
similar but different to what
kind of Yeah, it's like you want to
create a group mentality herd mentality
so people feel like part of a community
and they and they are so that they can
ride the swell forward and then you know
like you get some of the like I you know
some of the closes that people do on
stage are super interesting where
they'll go hey listen this next 30
minutes is only for people who want to
learn how to make $30,000 a month. So if
you don't want to make $30,000 a month I
need you to leave right now.
And then you literally stand there in
silence on stage and you wait for people
to leave. And you edify them. You go
okay, so everybody here everybody stand
up right now if you want to make 30 and
then you start selling people hard on
stage and it just takes one person to
walk to the back of the room And then
people follow. Right? Because it There's
there's a couple of things that one no
one wants to be embarrassed and then the
guy that doesn't make that. They don't
want to admit that I'm not interested in
doing this. So you kind of feel obliged
to stay.
Yeah, it's interesting. Then there's
FOMO. Yeah.
Fear of missing out. You don't want to
be the What's this? This is
It's a presentation gift wrapped and
you're sitting there with the gift.
You're about to unwrap it and be like
oh, what are they going to allow me to
buy? Yeah. And then there's the herd
mentality. You see one person doing it
and like oh, it must be good. It gives
them validation.
like why why do people stand in the
busiest line at the grocery store when
there's an empty line right next to
them? Why do people wait in traffic
Yeah, that's like it doesn't make
because I never do that, but like one of
the one of the one of the funniest
things right that I I do it if if if you
ever go to an airport, try this at home.
I want to comment #airport
right in the comment section wherever
you're watching this listen to this,
right? Next time you go there, if you go
to the gate and it's full and you
there's nowhere to sit. And if you're
with a group of people, you're with a
group of people, right? This right? And
they haven't even opened the gate yet.
You go
All right, guys. I guess it's time to
start lining up and then your group goes
and lines up. Right? Now now there's no
reason to.
All of a sudden
people will start getting up from their
seat and they will start walking over
and sitting behind you in line. I've
done this multiple times. When they do
that, you simply walk over and sit down
in their seat. Nice. It is the most
savage herd mentality move ever.
Well, because they just do it out of
herd mentality. They're all sheep going
to the
right? And then you just go and sit
down. Thank you.
And they're like
Oh, well played.
I'd be so embarrassed I'd be like you
own that.
Okay. You go to a new city, right?
You're in a area that you've never been
before. You don't know what any of the
restaurants are like. It's dinner time,
Friday night. There's four restaurants
there.
Yeah. Right? You're walking past. You
don't care what you want to eat. You're
not after Japanese, you're not after
steak, you're after whatever. Food with
a group, right?
You walk past.
Three restaurants have no one in them.
One's jam-packed with a line. Which one
do you go? You go to the one that's
jam-packed because that must be the good
one. Exactly, right? No one goes to the
empty one.
And it's like
We learn this in gyms.
Look down here, guys. Just have a look
at this, guys. Just have a look.
It's long. Can I have your scissors?
Like I can have a crack.
Like it can't be worse than that. I
wouldn't trust you to hold scissors.
If I dyed you green, you'd look like the
Grinch right now. I'll watch this,
ready? This is something funny.
I'm doing it to the camera. That's
that's what I'm It's a Tik Tok thing. So
you hold your thumb up.
And then it's pretty hilarious. Me and
my wife sat there pissing ourselves
laughing looking at ourselves in the
camera for like 10 minutes.
But um Nobody wants to go to an empty
bar. It's the same as it's the same as
like gyms and and retention. Right? Any
coaching businesses, you see other
people stop coming to the Zoom sessions.
Stop coming to the group sessions. You
start to be like oh, okay. And the
biggest factor that we found was when
things would go bust or when there'd be
a massive decline is
the retention rate. If that started to
drip, it would start to snowball because
people in those little groups would be
like where's everyone else? This mustn't
be worth coming to. They might be doing
something better. They stop coming and
like the moment you start to see a slip
or an increase in like a non-retention
you have to fix it immediately before it
snowballs and gets out of control. And
we've seen that in some businesses
lately that it's just thoughts of
non-meth addicts. Yeah, absolutely. Like
people want to people want to go to the
parties and
People want to be led. Yeah, exactly. So
I think that's like there's some really
cool I think stage selling is a really
interesting
um modality. Like I don't think it bears
and I could totally be wrong because I
don't understand it enough, but I don't
think it bears a massive amount of of of
weight in what you do one-to-one. No.
Like that. I don't And I don't even know
if one-to-one techniques can really be
really well utilized within one-to-many.
Like I I don't know if it's Like you
know, the analogy is like sprinting
versus long distance, right?
Yeah. Sprinting will make you better at
long distance, long distance makes you
worse at sprinting.
You know? So if you wanted to be better
at both, you'd just sprint. You know
what I mean? So I think there is some
carryover to them. One because it will
affect analogies reframe, so it will
affect your ability to deliver, but like
you can't ask specific questions because
you're not getting answers.
Yeah. Right? So it takes away that power
and and vice versa. You're not running
at Doing doing consequence in a
one-to-many. I think you can definitely
do it, but it's just difficult. Yeah.
You know? It's just a more difficult I
think I think it's a more difficult way
of selling obviously because there are
so few people who do it really well.
And you have to crack those first few
people
to get that herd mentality going.
got to be good with awkward, man. Yeah.
Like when we did that Congruence Academy
and then like Eli was supposed to do the
pitch. He sort of got three quarters of
the way through and then his internet
[ __ ] itself, remember? Oh, yeah. And we
had to So I had I had to take over and I
just went like
I'm going to go full dark and just go
with it, man. And I went full awkward.
Like I was calling people out. Jimmy,
Jimmy, what have you done? Why why like
Maybe not the right way to go, but It
worked, man. We made like 160k in the
day. Yeah, yeah. Like it worked. Which
one do you think had more of that much
money, right? Well, it's not, but it was
like
It was for 12 group sessions.
Yeah, yeah. You know? It was it was a
great return. Paid for like half the
office. Yeah, supposed to pay for all
the office and then some. Until all that
went to budget. Shout out to Ryan who He
took us to the cleaners with the
budget.
A lot of twice as much material. Instead
of taking it back, let's just use
double.
Didn't help the soundproof. Yeah,
anyway. It is what it is. He's a great
guy. Yeah, but like there is I think
there is some crossover, right? I think
we're not experienced enough to figure
out how to utilize that yet. So it'd be
interesting in 6-12 months
redo this podcast with how we feel and
I'm sure we're going to have a very
different interpretation. Yeah, I can't
be transitioned. Also, I've never seen
Myron Golden been told that he's
exceptional.
seen Tony Robbins.
I've never seen I've never seen anything
to do with Tony Robbins.
No, never. I've never listened to a I've
listened to some of his books.
I have listened and read nothing.
Yeah, okay. I've known who he is yeah,
since I was like 5 years old because
he's just super famous. I watched
Shallow Hal when I was younger.
I've seen that.
That was funny.
Yeah, I've seen that.
I mean if I watched it now, it would
probably suck.
I just thought he was the guy with huge
teeth and giant hands. He is that guy.
Giant hands, but yeah. Listen, I'm sure
he's phenomenal, but I'm not like a
mindset No. self-development dude. Like
I'm not that guy. I like developing
skill sets.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I've just
never had I don't think I've ever had an
issue with mindset. Yeah. That's what
someone with a poor mindset would say.
Right?
I said it's such a such a [ __ ] it's
such a self-licking ice cream. It is.
The mindset thing because you can be
like no, I just really need this skill
set. You can be like no, no, no. Your
mindset was better than you you would
you would overcome that. And you're just
like well, no, no, no. I want the skill
set. Like I I can see why people are
having I can see people are having a bad
mindset. I I understand that.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Right? Like I I think
people but I think it's more to me it's
more specific. It's like no, no, no. You
have a self-sabotaging behavior. I think
I I think it wraps up into too much of a
bow like specific issues.
Yeah, I think it's too broad and it's
like anyone that is a mindset teacher,
it's just like the perfect defense
mechanism. Yeah. It it's like I know you
are, but what am I? Yeah, it's like if I
go you're a racist and you go no, I'm
not and you go that's exactly what a
racist would say. Yeah.
You know what I mean? You're like well,
this is a this can't be this is a loop.
Yeah, exactly.
It's like your mindset training doesn't
work. Oh, it's just a poor mindset you
haven't applied yourself. It's like no,
you're
You're actually at what you do.
That's something someone with a poor
mindset. You just haven't opened up and
given enough for it to work it. You
haven't worked hard enough. It's like
That's that's
such
Yeah. You know, I understand that
there's obviously a place for it, but
like for me just in general like I've
always just worked as hard as I could to
get the result that I wanted.
Yeah, yeah.
I've been to like mindset events before.
No, heaps. And I've gone oh, this is
really good. And I've been to other ones
and go you're foolish. Don't know what
the talking about. Like this how are
people listening to you right now? I
think I was I was talking to Dan
the other day. I just he did a video on
on YouTube. I approved to to go back to
Perth. He's on the plane right now.
Well done. Yeah, I I just got out of
lockdown. I was doing a video with him
and it was kind of like cuz we're doing
some development videos with him. So if
you're not on the YouTube channel, you
might be watching this on YouTube, but
if you're not, smash the like button.
Make sure you subscribe. Hit the
notification bell. Comment
you know, down below if you want to see
more more more content. #congruence you
want to be congruent, right? Um but I
was I was kind of taking him through and
he he was like
he was like okay, what do I do here?
What do I do here? And I was like Dan
Dan Dan. I was like stop. He's like you
know the answers to these questions.
I was like you're trying to make a
simple process
more complicated
so
that you can trick yourself into like
reasoning why you're not good at it.
Yeah, and it's also you're giving
yourself permission to fail. Yeah.
Right? Because it's like oh, this is so
hard. It's easier to be like
ah, it was too hard for me to nail.
Yeah.
It's like but it's not hard. Like you
break it down, it's so easy.
Yeah. Like sales is really is really
simple. It's not easy but it's simple.
It is simple. Yeah. Right? Like same
with you know, people ask me oh, what do
you do for follow-up? Call people, man.
Like how much more complex does it need
to be? Yeah.
How often do you call them? How often do
you think they need to be called?
Yeah, we we had this conversation
yesterday in our team training. Yeah,
it's like some people need to be called
every day.
protocols? What do I do in day A, B, C?
There's no answer to that.
It's like you call me every day to
follow up like you lose a sale. Yeah.
You call me a month later. And I'm like,
"Okay, yeah, it's right time I stopped."
Yeah. And it's like everyone's got a
different cadence and the the individual
is going to dictate that. And it's like,
you know, ask them the question, "Hey,
how often are you okay with me touching
base with you?" "Hey, would would once a
week be okay? Would once a fortnight be
okay? Once a month be okay? Do you want
every every couple days? Hey, why don't
I just keep in touch with you?
Like, you know, every like every couple
days for the next week or so? So so we
can figure out the logistics to to help
you overcome XYZ issue. "Yeah, that'd be
great, man." Yeah. Yeah. If someone's
like, "No, no, no, man, like I'm I'm
fully good to go. I just need like X
amount of time." And you know it's a
logistical and all that kind of good
stuff. Then it's like, "Okay, sweet.
I'll I'll touch base with you in 2
weeks." You know, like it's fine, man.
Like uh people make it so People make
things It's cuz they have a poor
mindset, you mean?
Yeah, I
I think it's self-sabotage. Yeah.
Yeah, it's
But it's just like people make processes
more complicated than they have to be to
give themselves a reason to fail. It's
the same as like if a business owner or
a sales guy is like, "Uh I'm not making
sales cuz of Corona." It's like, "Okay,
okay, dude. If if you're making the
problem bigger than you, you'll never
even try and fix it. It's like one of
the most damaging things you can say to
a young overweight
is you're fat because of your genetics.
Yeah. Oh, yeah, it's not true. It's cuz
you eat too much ice cream. Yeah. It's
like if if if everyone here today
just looks at every single thing in
their life is their fault Yeah. and
everything that's happening to them as a
problem that they can solve, everyone's
life will be infinitely better. Yeah. If
you take responsibility for everything,
even if you're not responsible for it.
Man, it's a freeing experience. Like we
had a we had a marketing meeting the
other day cuz we got some news about
some stuff we're doing. Everyone was
like, "Oh, man." I was like, "Guys,
stop."
I was like, "It's fine. All we have to
do like there's no point about the
parameters that we've been given. Yeah.
Right? Let's just figure out how to work
with them and create some
diversification so we're not so reliant
on that. And we can pull back slowly
over the next little bit. It's not a big
deal. It's just a thing we have to deal
with. Yeah. It's our problem to solve.
It's fine. And then it's easy to look at
that as
like I could pick that apart that and
find six different ways mindset affects
that thinking.
Right? Because
you can rationalize everything back to
mindset. Oh, for sure. It just doesn't
mean And don't get me wrong. I use that
in sales constantly.
It's like, "Oh, okay, well, the mindset
was bad in the way that you're thinking
about those parameters and you're
looking to blame other people. Maybe we
should explore why don't I lie on my
psychiatrist's couch? We'll figure out
what happened to cause you thinking that
way." Yeah. All the mindset gurus out
there are going, "No, that's just cuz
you have a good mindset." And I probably
do have a good mindset. Right? It's
fine. It's just own your problems. It
makes things so much easier. What?
Because even if it was somebody said,
"Shut up." Yeah. Like it doesn't need to
be like why don't you just do this?
Mindset fixes like, "Oh, okay, I'll try
that." Yeah. Then all of that solves the
problem of the mindset without needing
to rationalize, label it into something
that it's not. Yeah. Cuz then you just
get caught in a trap and everything's
mindset. Yeah. Anyway. Like Dan's a
great example like Grant Dan um like
just putting himself into a better
environment. I think like sometimes
there there is a thing where like people
need to see
the success. People need to like, you
know, like it's really funny. It's like,
you know, nobody ran the 4-minute mile
till somebody ran the 4-minute Roger
Bannister. And now high school chicks do
it as a warm-up. Do you know what I
mean? Like you know, like nobody did the
1080 on a half
you know, half pipe or whatever until
Tony Hawk did it. And now there's like
9-year-olds doing it, you know? Not even
on a skateboard. They get their bikes
out. Yeah, and they're like
like that doing crazy
So it's like I think sometimes being
able to just seeing something, you know,
then drives things forward. And I guess
you could call that mindset, but really
I just think it's Is it? Or is it just
belief that it's possible now? Yeah, I
mean, I don't mindset too. See, it's
such a self-licking ice cream. It annoys
me. But anyway, we won't get too
sidetracked on that. It's sad.
We're talking about master classes and
selling one-to-many. Yeah. What what are
the key things that you'd want going
through that process that has made you a
better sales person?
I think like I don't I'm not a preparer.
Yeah. I think like I think that's pretty
safe to say. I'm I'm kind of a shoot
from the hip kind of guy. Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, aggravatingly so.
But I do definitely Well, that's okay.
In sales I prepare because I always
write a script for what I'm selling and
I always understand how to sell it and
then I can pretty much tear it apart.
But I just know my processes so well, I
don't really have to do any of that
anymore. Do you know what I mean? So
like I can go on and sell whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. But like I had to study that
process pretty pretty in-depth. Well,
that is preparation. You prep. You
prepared 6 months to be able to not do
it. Yeah. Yeah, if you But like yeah, I
I don't like writing documents, but in
this one I think like it was interesting
because I'm not I know I'm not good at
it. Mhm. I've never done it before. I
was like, "Okay, I probably need to
spend the time." Spend the time. So I
probably spent overall probably 8 to 9
hours, I would say,
over the last week kind of dissecting
stuff, maybe 10 hours dissecting things,
writing up the scripts. The before, the
middle, the after, like, you know what I
mean? All that kind of stuff and
figuring out what kind of engagement I
want to get and how I want the people to
feel at different stages.
I reckon I spent
about 10 minutes setting up the webinars
and upgrading the thing as my
preparation. Yeah. And then spent
probably another 4 hours after everyone
was questioning, "Oh, is it going to
work this time?"
Just going back checking and testing.
Just had a paranoia. Oh, last time
Yeah. There's I will I did have all the
tasks and stuff. Last time we had 447
people register for master class and we
sent out I think we sent out like a
confusing time zone. And someone forgot
to also upgrade the account and we
forgot to upgrade the Zoom account.
After we had just made fun of one of our
clients for doing the exact same thing.
Well, well, the person who forgot was
making fun of him. Which was the ironic
part. But yeah, like I had messages from
Jeremy at like 3:00 a.m. When I got up
at 5:00,
I looked at it and just went,
"I slept through my alarm." Oh, did you?
Yeah.
I was late to the master class. You
weren't late. I wasn't late, but I
planned on being there about 10 minutes
earlier, but I um somehow my phone I got
on my bed and I rolled onto it. And it
was like
so broke.
I can't
You flat piece
Um yeah, that's kind of that's kind of
what I prepare. That's kind of what I
prepare. That's what I'm doing. I think
it's it's it's pretty interesting. If
you guys watched the master class and
you enjoyed it, let me like let me know
if you bought any PQ. I hope I did a
good job. Let me know if you like No,
[ __ ] you guys. I just did it for the
free Let her know if it was clear that
there was preparation because Yeah. if
there wasn't, never doing that again.
Yeah, exactly. Well, now I've done it
once now, I don't have to do it ever
again. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah. Um but all right, guys, if you
like this content, make sure you like,
subscribe, hit the notification bell,
all that kind of good stuff. Uh if
you're haven't joined the Facebook
group, The Closing Code, that's our
little bucket where we can teach you
some more cool We put all kinds of
exclusive videos in there of my
one-on-one coaching sessions. We have
guides on objection handling. If you're
going to go to our free resources page
or website salesniper.net, you can pick
up free calls, SOPs. Man, you name it.
It's pretty much in there for free. And
uh yeah, if you like this kind of
content, make sure you subscribe, share
it with a friend.
Can't hurt. Mhm. And uh thanks for
thanks for joining us. All right. See
you later, guys. Bye.
Put that coffee down.
Coffee's for closers only.
