Every level of sales rep explained.
There are seven levels of sales rep. And
in this video, I'm going to teach you
exactly how to identify where you are.
The first level is trash. The last level
is you can park in the CEO's car spot
and uh no one's going to say a word. And
I'm going to tell you what they're doing
right, what they're doing wrong, and the
core defining characteristics of what
they do and don't do that makes them as
good or as bad as they are. The other
day I was uh on YouTube kind of
scrolling around. I saw a great video
called Seven Levels of Rapper. Okay,
which we'll put over here, right, which
you can go watch that. I've fully blown
stole this idea from them, so what onto
them for being smarter than me. But here
is the video. First level is trash.
Can't hold a conversation, awkwardly
stare into the Zoom camera, and just
kind of sit there like Ricky Bobby, not
knowing what to do with their hands.
Okay, these are the guys who thinks that
sales management is going to be the key
to them like making six figures. These
are the guys that when you listen to a
sales call, you're baffled as to the
decisions that they're making. not only
the execution, but you're just like,
"How does anyone decide to do that?"
It's confusing, hilarious, and overall
tragic.
>> Um, can I kiss you?
>> One of the key defining characteristics
is that they're awkward and they say
that they're get nervous on role plays,
which is supposed to tell us that like
they're actually better than what they
seem to be. The type of person that has
spent $20,000 on a sales course from a
guy that's been selling for like 3
months in one offer. What they don't do
is they don't do anything that makes
sense during live activity. These are
just bad sales people. These are people
who aren't going to stick around for
long. They're not going to be very good.
If you're this guy and you're not brand
brand new, sales might not be for you,
man. And sometimes you just can't
overcome the awkward. These are people,
we don't want them on the team. Sure,
they're lovely human beings, but as a
sales rep's concerned, they trash. All
right. The second level of rep is bad
reps. Okay? Just straight up bad. This
is the kind of person who's been in
sales for like a year or two. They're
having a crack, but they just haven't
got it yet. So, one of the things that
defines them is that they're not really
tracking the things that are going to
make them better. They're probably super
interested in like objection handing and
what to say when, you know, and so what
they're trying to do is they're trying
to parrot people that they see online
who think that that will make them get
better at sales, but they ultimately
don't have the core fundamental
understanding of what you need to do in
order to take someone through that
transition. Their questions are usually
in training. Their questions are like
hyper specific and somewhat terrifying.
>> When I bust a nut in my hand and I look
at the semen in my hand, when does that
become a baby? You know, when somebody
is facing east and they're like a buyer
lead and they give me this objection
halfway through, what do I say? And that
to me tells you right there that they
are bad at sales. Because anyone who's
halfdeent at sales or even meh, which is
our next one, is is going to understand
that like that's not a question that
needs answering because it's so hyper
specific to one individual instance. One
of the things that they don't do is make
sales. Okay? And um they're usually just
people who just haven't got it yet.
Doesn't mean they might not get it, but
they just don't have it. And they're
stuck in the minutia of sales thinking
that all this if this then thats and all
that kind of stuff um are going to get
them over the line, but they just don't
understand the fundamentals of how to
cross the line, how to get that
conversation from A to B. Level number
three is the meh sales rep. They're just
meh. They're just whatever. They're like
the filler. They're the, you know, sixth
man down on the bench. This is usually
the guy that blames the leads and
doesn't actually do [ __ ]
>> The leads are weak,
>> right? Um, and just handles laydowns and
calls themselves a [ __ ] unicorn.
Like, they were born on third base and
they say they hit a triple. These guys
usually float around from offer to
offer, not super memorable, kind of in
the background all the time and they
might have a good month and then they
just switch off because it just they had
to muster everything for that. They're
known for kind of ups and downs and like
just riding highs. They always look for
the next best thing, some sort of sales
savior which is going to help them break
through when in reality they probably
just need to really concentrate, knuckle
down and just try and figure out like
what are the individual t like
lowhanging fruit things they can do
better or that they can stop doing. If
they would do really well to just look
at data and fix one data point at a
time, they'd probably go from meh to
tolerable, which is the next one. That's
what that person does. The next level,
level four is tolerable. Now, this is
the point where somebody usually becomes
a sales coach. So, like this is what
you're dealing with. Sales coaches
usually I was in sales for like 15 years
before I coached.
Uh but usually they sell like in the
high ticket space especially they sell
like one thing get a half decent result
regardless of whether it was them or not
and then they decide to become a coach
because they make more money being a
coach. I made more money being a rep
always than what I ever did being a
coach. So now their skill set they're
like usually these tolerable reps are
fairly skilled but like they don't do
the other things that make you good. So,
like to me, if you can't ask for
referrals, if you can't get do
follow-ups, if you can't like make if
you can't have a high lead to set, lead
to sale, not just like show to sale,
then like you're not good. You're
tolerable at best. Doesn't mean you
might not sound good on the phone.
That's a totally different thing. But
like you can sound good, but still not
make many sales.
>> I'm really busy, sir.
>> No, look, look, I understand, doctor.
I'm, you know, I'm really busy here
myself. Look, we're going to come back
to you in one month with one idea and
one idea only. You know, if you like
what we have to say, great. You know,
we'll we'll do business. If not, I mean,
worst case scenario, you're going to
hear yourself,
>> right? Just because like you're you're
everything about what you do sucks. So,
all you have is that one skill set. It's
like a quarterback only being able to
throw a ball. You're not a quarterback.
Like, you suck at being a quarterback.
You just throw a ball good. Like, that's
enough for high school. It's not enough
for college. Okay. Look at Tom Brady.
Didn't have anywhere near the strongest
arm. Had the best IQ, studied the
hardest. That is the difference between
like a great rep and a tolerable rep.
It's like he had a tolerable skill set,
but then he just outworked it and he did
all the other things required and that's
how he became the goat. Okay, so they're
usually memorizing word tracks and they
teach those same word tracks when
they're coaches, which is like it's
laughable because it doesn't actually
help people, right? they become sales
coaches and uh you know overall they're
annoying. Okay, now you've got good
reps. Okay, you know it's hard for me to
say that unless you're a full-time sales
for 5 years that you're going to be good
because you just haven't seen very much.
Again, you can sound good, but being
good is more than just saying in the
same way that being good is not just
being able to throw a foosball good. The
good reps, which is level number five,
are usually people who are pretty good
on the phones.
>> That's great, Doc. If you want to miss
yet another opportunity here and watch
your colleagues get rich doing clinical
trials, then don't buy a share and hang
up the phone.
>> Well, hold on a second now. I didn't say
that. I just want to talk about it,
>> right? Like they're possible, but they
do the basics of like referrals,
follow-ups, they do their own outbound.
They're usually middle to high end of
the pack, right? And they're super
consistent. And even like the MET reps,
the tolerable reps might outpace them on
random months, but if you look at the
earnings over the year, the good rep out
earns the tolerable rep because well,
one, the taller reps out there are
trying to find time to be a sales coach
because they don't actually want to sell
full-time, which the irony is
incredible, right? Um, but they're just
not they're just more consistent because
they're doing all the things to be
consistent. Now, the good rep is usually
not patient enough in order to kind of
dig into one thing at a time. that's
reserved for like the top tier reps,
which is two more. Okay, so the big
thing is that they usually are impatient
both with themselves and with the
prospects, and that caused them to focus
on more than one problem at a time in
their actual sales, which then makes it
very difficult to become really, really
good because you have to dial in things
very individually. Okay, level six is a
great rep.
>> Your profit on a mere $6,000 investment
would be upwards of $60,000.
4,000? That'd be 40,000 shares. John,
let me lock in that trade right now and
get back to you with my secretary with
an exact confirmation. Sound good, John?
>> Sounds good.
>> Great. Hey, John, thank you for your
vote of confidence and welcome to the
investor center. Now, this person can
sell almost anything uh with very little
notice. Okay? So, they sell more on
desire and emotion than what they do
logistics and admin. All right? So, and
and they're someone who does all of the
things. So, they are a fullyblown
one-man band. There's someone who's good
on the phones. They're good at doing
outreach. They're good at like when
leads are down, figuring that out.
They're good at turning one sale into
two, two sales into four. They're good
at turning one lead into two, two leads
into four, right? Um there's someone who
uh is a top producer all of the time,
not just in like one account, okay? Or
that one time, right? Back in 1984,
right? And they're usually experienced
enough to where they will break through
into that next tier, okay? And they're
they're just a great person to have.
They're not a like a unicorn, right?
They're not someone who's like, "Wow,
that that's crazy,"
>> right? Because but they do all the same
things. They're just not quite there
with their skill set usually just
because of a time thing. Now, the last
and final is level seven, which is park
in the CEO's parking spot and no one
says a word. for your consideration,
the Jericho.
This is what you want to be. I remember
when I was a rep and I had the owner of
the business come to me. It's a pretty
big business. They're like, "Hey, we
would love you to do some training for
the team." And I said, "No, I'm not
doing that." And they said, "Oh, no. We
really need you to do training." I go,
"I'm not doing that at all. What are you
talking about?" And they were like, "Why
not?" I was like, "Cuz I don't give a
[ __ ] about these people. I'm selling.
It's a it's a oneman band. This is me
one-on-one versus them. I'm we're not
like we're just not a team. And then I
said like, listen, if I make $2,000 per
sale and I'm making about 100 grand a
month right now, you have to pay me
$2,000 an hour to train those people.
And they were like, we're not doing
that. And I was like, then [ __ ] go [ __ ]
yourself, mate. It's exactly what I
said. Then go [ __ ] yourself. I'm a
commission only closer. This is my job.
This is my gig. I'm a [ __ ] rogue
unit. If you don't like it, I can go
sell somewhere else. And they were like,
"No, you just you stay here." Right? And
I was like, "Sweet. Don't call me again.
I'm busy. I'm making sales." And that
sounds arrogant, but like it is. And
when you're the best rep in a whole
company, and when you're carrying them
in terms of like you know that you're
the one, you're doing outbound, you're
getting referrals, you're you're
upselling people, cross-elling people,
you have a higher close rate, higher
show rate, right? When you do all these
things, like you are the special one.
And what that means is that they need to
get in line because you don't need them
to sell. They need you. You know what I
mean? And so that's what it's like when
you're the top top rep. You can just
walk around kind of doing whatever you
want. No one's going to no one wants you
to leave. No one gives a [ __ ] right? So
you can park in the CEO's spot and no
one says a word. Okay? Usually some
things that define them is their calls
are significantly shorter, right? Like
30 to 40 minutes instead of 60 to 90.
Um, and every call sounds like a layown.
So, they're always being accused of
>> getting the best leads, right? And
that's just a coping mechanism for
[ __ ] losers,
>> right? The one thing they don't do is
complain about the leads cuz the one
thing you've never heard Steph Curry do
is, "What do you think my What do you
think my points per game could be on
this team? How many How many points per
game do you think I could get?" That's
[ __ ] loserville. All right, guys.
Hope you enjoyed that video. A little
bit something different. Those are the
seven levels of sales rep. Where are
you? Let me know down below. Are you a
absolute trash rep or are you, you know,
can you park in the CEO's car spot? Let
me know. Bye. Hey guys, what's up? Matt
here. And I've noticed that a lot of you
are not subscribed. So, what I want you
to do is like go over and hit the little
subscription. Uh, it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do and you're like, "Hey,
how can I get similar content but pay
for it?" Then I have a membership. You
can go over and join that at any stage
that you want. It's like $49 a month up
to about $200 a month and we do like
live Q&As. We have a coaching call
nearly every single day and there's like
well over 100 videos and I upload like
sort of private trainings and stuff that
I do all the time. So if you want to
check that out, go for it. uh you know,
sign up through YouTube, cancel any
time, all that kind of good
