Like I remember like when I was running
seventh and the team was like freaking
out that like everybody was no-showing
and like the leads were down but it was
like July 2nd and I was like yeah and so
they go we're going to do all these
things and I go I don't think you
should. I let them run around like crazy
people until I go I want you in front of
me I want you to Google how many people
go on vacation in the first week and it
was like 80% of them.
We would have like tiny things that we
would split test in the VSSL. Option A
had like 10% higher shower rate than
this video. Does that mean that this
wins? Actually, no. Because this one,
even though it had a lower shower rate,
had an extra $500 cash collected on
average per video view. So, what are we
really optimizing for? There's sort of
nothing more powerful than a strong
personal brand. And it doesn't have to
be big. So, I would say my brand is not
big, but I would say that from a
monetization standpoint, I'm up there
with the best of them. So, like, you
know, but it it just takes years of
people not listening to you and then all
of a sudden enough people do and like
that's the
game. All right, guys. What's up? Matt
here. Coffee is for closures and I got
the infamous Ben
Gower. Uh, salesman extraordinaire. So,
um, yeah. Uh, me and Ben, I think we
connected a long time ago. Then from
there, because we're both really cool
and uh, too cool for each other, we
didn't we didn't speak for a while. Not
because of any reason, we just didn't.
Um, and then from there, um, you know,
he was sick of his clients having
terrible pickup rates, so he reached out
to me desperate and I and I helped him
out.
Yes.
Yeah. Well, it was actually it was
funny. It actually was uh uh a couple
guys because I had seen you've been
posting about Dialer. Um, but I was able
to just like reach out to friends that I
knew were managing teams using Dialer. I
was like, "Yo, is this legit?" It's
like, yep, our average pickup rate is
20% on single dials. Like, I've never
seen anything like it. It's like, wow.
Then another couple weeks and found out
somebody else I knew was that was using
it. And it was just like, okay, I I got
to have that conversation. See what's
up. Well, we we appreciate the business.
Um, yeah. So tell us like you've been
running like you've been sort of like
doing I guess not dissimilar stuff to
what I was doing really sort of like in
the back end running some pretty some
pretty hectic teams like I know like
what was it formula I think it was right
formula huge
like what what are you guys doing over
there? Yeah. Uh we were doing a couple
million a month. Um, without getting
into the crazy details of how that
relationship started, um, I got I got
into that environment where they had
just removed a, uh, a third party
company that was like their sales agency
and, uh, so I had
to they they asked me and I did a sales
call with him and I think he beat me
out. So, really well played, sir. Yeah,
that's fascinating. I had no idea. Uh
Jeremy did an introduction with Brian.
So I had a couple sales calls with Brian
and they were just exiting out whatever
sales agency was there at the time and I
think like we had a couple calls but I
just don't think he wanted to do another
agency, right? Um yeah, that was his
thing is he wanted to build it internal
and I was happy to to like you know try
it out. Like I had I had zero
experience. I had experience uh prior to
the coaching space uh running a
doortodoor team where we had 50 sales
guys in three states. So like I had some
of the foundation of knowing what it
looks like to manage a big team of door
knockers. Yeah. But I had no idea what
that looked like until uh working on an
agency like that where we had uh I want
to say 70 salespeople between closers
and setters. And so when I saw what that
looked like to intentionally dial in the
culture, the systems, processes, the
technologies used for all of that to
work, it was just like, okay, when Brian
Paige asked me to come in and build it
internally for him, you know, here we
go. So, uh, but we got that on track for
500k cash collected a week within about
two and a half, maybe three months. So,
and it was crazy, man. It was crazy. Uh
mainly because like none of the
technologies that that other company was
using, the sales agency was using were
on Brian Page's like internal side. So I
had to like figure out a Google Sheets
payroll system on top of like how do I
even set up close on it was like pure
chaos. Yeah, it was a lot. At sales
sniper, I always had it so that they
paid all the software and that the
software was theirs because the little
thing I used to say was I don't want to
hold your business hostage. I feel like
that'll create a really shitty working
environment because like you can't
always hit a go you can't always hit a
home run. Sometimes it just doesn't work
out. The worst thing you can do though
is have it not work out and then have a
shitty exit. You know what I mean?
Whereas like I've I've had ones that
killed it and I've had ones that didn't.
But I've got a good relationship with
all those people, you know? Uh well, at
least I think I do anyway. I might be
[ __ ] delusional. Um but like I think
they're fine. So um but yeah, so that's
that that's a really tough one when you
got sort of like when you nuke a
business, you know, you walk out and
it's a big stink like you know they're
going to tell everybody that. Yeah.
Right. Which is like a just a bad
decision, right? Yeah. I've I've had a
I've had four different relationships
where I've come in and like taken over
on sales team and like I typically make
the decision that like all right this is
probably not going to work for me like
long term four to six weeks ahead of
time but it's just like I use that time
to because I'm like dude I have to make
sure that this company is a in a better
place than what I've found them in for
my own reputation if I'm going to
continue doing this type of work in the
industry you know. Yeah. Absolutely.
Yeah, man. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's
crazy. Like, you know, people don't
realize the amount of things that you
learn when you have like tons of
channels of marketing, lots of different
types of leads coming in, tons of
different reps. Like, it is a very very
different ballgame. And like the way
that you look at metrics becomes very
different. And there's like not many
people that you can actually like talk
to about it, you know? Like it's
interesting. Like I see I see sales
management dudes like problem solve data
and it's like oh you haven't seen much
you know some like it's like their their
thought process is not wrong they're not
they're not bad but it's like oh I can
tell you've only seen small teams very
particular types of marketing right like
you know you don't know how all of
that's interplaying together and then
like what the economy does to it
you know like I remember like when I was
running seventh like um cuz I'd seen it
and like you got to let people make
mistakes, right? And the team was like
freaking out that like everybody was
no-showing and like the leads were down
but it was like July 2nd and I was like
yeah and so they go we're going to do
all these things and I go I don't think
you should and they go oh no we need to
we got to we got to try and I go all
right just make sure you document
everything you've done. Mhm. And then I
let them run around like crazy people
right until they're right. And I was
like, "Oh, yep. It's like Sunday the
9th." And I was like, "Hey, undo
everything you did." They go, "What?"
And I go, "Undo it." And they go, "Oh."
But I go, "You're fired if you don't."
They go, "Okay, we'll undo." All right.
They undid it. And on the 10th, it was
back to normal. I was like, "I'm a
genius. I'm a genius." There you go. I
was like, "Dude, you see guys, because
you're in your 20s, you're you're
idiots." Um, and you forgot to Google
how many people I want in front of me. I
want you to Google how many people go on
vacation in the first week. And it was
like 80% of Americans. Such a good
point. I was like, "No one's here, mate.
What are you doing?" Just take a chill
pill, you know? But like again, unless
you've done that or like an election,
right? Like I remember the elections.
Like I was like, "Oh, all the ads are
going to stick to bed. Every single one
of them, you should just not advertise."
Mhm. In that like 3-week period, mate,
because you're not outspending Camala.
Like it's not happening, you know? So
everything just gets eaten and it's like
it's really interesting when you start
looking at that stuff. me me and Taylor
were sitting down and we were having
dinner like Taylor Welch and had uh you
know it sort of it sort of came up and
uh like Dean and all the hardly selling
guys were there and they had an opinion
on something and I go ah I don't think
it's that I think it's this and Taylor
goes yeah I agree and they go well for
these reasons and Taylor goes to me he
goes Matt how much of your own money
have you spent on ads I said oh probably
25 million and he goes yeah I spent 35
million go and then we go he goes so
we've spent 60 million collectively but
you're probably
night like
there's a lot of money on [ __ ] ads
you know that is it was funny and now
what you're doing so you sort of uh you
sort of taken that space right you're
not doing something dissimilar to what
I've done so identified a problem in the
market which is like for me it was like
shitty pickup rates and about what like
what the problem that you've identified
yeah so it's it's really two things um
one of the things that I've been really
intentional about uh I guess lately
starting to post more content again and
like really figuring out how do I want
to build a personal brand and I'm going
to start doing YouTube and these
different things is is kind of uh where
I'm going with that. But it's going to
be built around sales executive
leadership uh specifically
coaching I don't know the the owners and
sales managers of different companies on
what to do. Uh, I think there's there's
some companies that are that are
teaching this stuff, but
um, you know, from the perspective of
like the owner is running the sales team
themsel and that's important when you're
at a certain stage in business, but when
you're when you're trying to go from
200k a month to a million a month and
beyond, like you need somebody that
isn't just a sales manager that is going
to, you know, the call reviews are
important, the holding people
accountable to KPIs are important, but
there's so much bigger of a picture that
most people are is not even being taught
unless you've worked in some of these
bigger teams that you don't even know
what kind of questions to even ask when
you're looking at the data. Yes. Um and
so thankfully I've had that experience
and then like I was almost like taught
how to think and what questions to even
ask of like okay what is the constraint
based on what the data is saying and
what are some potential solutions here
and how can we apply those things and
test those different theories. Um, and
so like what when you uh as you pointed
out like when you have like a team of 40
50 setters that are full-time and 8 to
10 closers that are full-time on your
team and it's just like that's that's
way more than one person can handle even
from like okay uh holding people
accountable to KPIs and doing call
reviews. It's like, but how do I how do
I look at the data that's happening in
between and before and make sure there's
a feedback loop going from sales calls
back to marketing and how do we what
what are the resistances that are still
coming up on those calls that we can
break down ahead of time. Yeah. Yeah,
like that's that's how I view the bridge
of like an executive of you know there's
the marketing, there's the fulfillment,
but how you are leading the team is like
that bridge in between, right? And so
like it's not like this stuff is is uh
no one's uh doing it. It
just there's people running like Pace
Morby's team or Andy Elliott's team or
like these big companies that are doing
big numbers that like that's how they're
thinking about these numbers. But um
there's very few of us like yourself and
myself now that are like actually
posting like how uh this stuff is
thought through so that a sales manager
can look at like okay how do I just get
instead of going after 20% more
production from each team member. How do
I smooth out the whole process so that
we can get from like a 4x rorowaz to a
7x rorowaz at the current budget so that
we can scale the budget and then get it
to a 4x rorowaz at a million dollars a
month instead of 200 a month. Right.
Yeah. And these are like, you know, it's
one of those annoying things that you
sort of have to have done, right? You
have to have [ __ ] it up enough times.
Yeah. Right. And like like because you
can't you just use there's certain
things that you just can't know. Like I
remember I was I was at an event, right?
And um uh was Dean, right? Dean Crosi
was problem solving Dean and Will, they
were problem solving an account, right,
in front of me and they're they're both
very good at what they do, right? And
like really good. And they were looking
at stuff and I go, "That's not it." Like
that. I was in the corner. I heard them
talking. I said, "That's not it." And
they're like, "You remember what it
was?" Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So they were
they were trying to figure out like cuz
the rorowass wasn't high enough, right?
But they were looking like all these
numbers made sense, but like the show
rate was a bit off and all this kind of
stuff. And I was like, "Cool, man." Like
I go, "What's the watch time on the
VSSL?"
Mhm. And so because like the close rate
was low, right? Like that was the
problem. And I was like, but the lead
volume was was high and they were like
stacked out, right? And I was like, oh
well, what's the watch time? So, they're
like, oh, we don't know. I was like,
well, I mean, you got to know like and
and I said like, when does the opt-in
pop up on the VS? They said, oh, it's
just always there. I go, well, that's
your problem. I was like, you don't have
a front-end fine-tuning
device. You have sledgehammers, but you
need a you need one of these ones,
right? So you you don't have a way of
dynamically every day making your leads
better or worse. You need to right and
so because everyone can just come in and
opt in straight away. They're not
watching the VSSL. So like there's no
way for you to filter for lead quality.
And so like start there. And then I was
like, you know, once they went and they
got the average watch time, I think it
was like 12 minutes. I said, sweet.
Well, the VSSL is 30. Make it 20, right?
put some audio glitches in there because
audio glitches will like like a random
mute or like a random matrix thing going
across it or like a random like loud
bit. It really helps with watch time.
Interesting. It's little pattern
interrupts, right? And so, um, I was
like, sweet, like start with that, like
re-edit the VSSL or I go even before you
do that, just put in a button that pops
up at a certain time and you can dictate
the time. So the there's a countdown
timer and then it's like say it's one
minute because if you do one minute you
will reduce your lead flow but increase
your lead quality straight away. Now
there's a you know there's a ratio you
have to have but like I I I ran accounts
where it was like a 100,000 a day in ads
right? No, we had like 40 full-time
reps. This isn't seventh, but it was
like and we had like application forms
and we had all this stuff and we would
change twice a day. We would change all
the like all the questions.
And so like this is what we had to do to
start like learning how to filter at
different levels to make sure that teams
were full but it was like as full as the
best quality available.
Um and and that's just stuff that like
you have to learn. And so it's like you
by only looking at it from like uh
MQLSQL like you're you're missing like
some of your filtration systems where
you can have very precise fine tuning of
a sales process. Yeah. You know Yeah. So
yeah, to that note too, like um speaking
about VSSLs, like one of the things that
we did on these offers is we would have
like tiny things that we would split
test in the VSSL and just do like a
50/50 split test where uh cuz with the
amount of volume we're doing, we would
get through like a thousand um
iterations on both sides, like views on
both sides over the course of like six
weeks. And we would be able to see,
okay, 1,000 views on this video, 1,000
views on this video. This video had or
option A had like 10% higher shower rate
um than this video. Does that mean that
this wins? Actually, no. Because this
one, even though it had a lower shower
rate, had an extra $500 cash collected
on average per video view. So, what are
we really optimizing for, right? Like,
that's all that matters at the end of
the day. And like those are the things
that most people aren't really thinking
about looking at. They're trying to
optimize for show rate and you know
Yeah. And then they don't even know what
they're like they don't even know if
it's a reschedule, a cancel or a
no-show. And they just go I have a show
rate of this which means I have a
no-show rate of this. It's like no
m if you have a reschedule,
cancellation, no-show, that's three
different things, right? If 33% across
the board, you're sort of not doing
anything to induce one. But if it's like
60% of them cancel, like I would dare
say that that would be an online
reputation issue.
Yeah. Like you Google them and it's
going to come up with [ __ ] right? So
there are ways around that. Like there
are things that you can do, right? You
can site map your way through that,
right? So you can do AI blogs using a
sitemap to then like artificially boost
certain articles. You can create your
own review site. That's really common.
So like um uh I I I used to own the
domain 7thleereview.com, right? It was a
complete whitelelabeled like normal
looking website. It wasn't Seventh
Leouble Branded at all, but if you
Googled Seventh Level Review, it [ __ ]
came up and it was testimonials, you
know what I mean? So Right. So like you
can do that kind of stuff to like kind
of bury, you know, Reddit idiots, right?
And and and that's going to be that. And
if it's rescheduling like you can have a
look because you can usually tell the
link that they press to reschedule which
will give you the timeout and you just
remove that one link and that'll find
it'll decrease your reschedules because
you haven't given them the option at
that particular time which is the most
common one right not a number of
different reasons right um you know
maybe your product sucks you know you
ever have you ever looked inwardly maybe
it's all just too hard for a reason
right but yeah it's true though I mean
[ __ ] [ __ ] dude. A good product is not
hard to sell. A [ __ ] a bad one is.
Yeah. Like, if you've got to like
rebuild the matrix to make it work, like
chances are you're just bamboozling
people into buying a piece of [ __ ] you
know? Like, yeah, I've sold shitty
things by accident. As soon as I
realized it was shitty, I like I stopped
selling it. But like, you know, I sold
the [ __ ] out of some some shitty things.
They weren't like scams. They just
weren't people who weren't that good at
their job. I just It took me a while to
realize, you know, I feel that one.
Yeah. Exactly. But, you know, it's it's
it's sort of a funny one. So the new
project, you doing something in funding
as well? Yeah. Yeah. So that's the other
side is um uh two of these offers that I
helped scale pretty quickly. Um one of
the primary ways that we did that was
through using financing. Um and
so like offering somebody a lower
affordable payment plan specifically
with beginner bisop type offers is just
like there's nothing better for scaling
an offer. if you can work it properly
into the sales process. Yeah. So, what I
did um and at the time there was uh
FinFi and then Special Fi that I I
wouldn't necessarily recommend based on
data we saw in the back end with how
they would operate. I mean, there would
be uh there would be sometimes like
payments that they wouldn't even attempt
to charge the customer in that recourse
period. Well, they would they would
change the they would change the
billing. Yeah. And not update the
customer to say what where the new
billing was coming from. And so they
would get disputes because it was a
charge they didn't recognize. I had that
happen in the seventh maybe seven or 800
times. Right. Right. Like it was crazy,
you know? And I had a direct line to to
Fin Market, right? Like we were a big
customer of theirs, so I knew things
that were happening before they were
going to happen.
Yeah. Remember when everyone started
getting approved randomly for like a
month? It was in like July of 22 or
something. It was nuts. Yeah. It was so
good. Yeah, but like I figured I I I got
really suspicious. Yeah. Yeah. I mean
the the thing about them uh and they're
they're still in bankruptcy, US credit.
Um it's still not even settled for like
a $32 million bankruptcy. But um what
what what I feel really grateful for is
that we've had those types of situations
with US credit and specialify and those
different you know situations in the
industry that kind of [ __ ] the bed and
we're coming in and figuring out like we
paid the leadership from those companies
on consulting us on like what are you
finding like like with US credit for
example what were what were the the
things that were or how did I say is
when I asked when I talked to the COO
there is like okay what percentage of
your downfall and failure came down to
you making bad decisions versus the
coaching space being shitty what we
found is like when we were able to
optimize as early in the funnel as
possible for
affordability then it was just like
people were the way we do it is have
like the setter call like hey if
everything made sense and uh you were
down to move forward is $400 a month
even within the realm of doable for you
was pretty much the talk tracker. Now,
when they showed up to the close call,
it was a 10K thing and it we're going to
finance it for 36 months at 25% interest
or whatever uh with uh with Specialify.
But that's how we were able to optimize
for those things. And when um what was
powerful about that is when people were
showing up to a close call, they already
knew basically what it was going to cost
them if they decided to move forward.
So, they're showing up with their guard
down in a sense, knowing like, okay, I'm
genuinely asking questions, seeing like
if this is going to get me what I'm
actually looking for. So, it really uh
and the way that uh we were we were
modeling the car industry basically. So,
with car commercials, they get you
excited about the vehicle, you know,
they have all the visuals, whatever, but
then at the end, they're not hitting you
with a $50,000 price tag. They're saying
for well-qualified buyers, you can drive
away today for 400 bucks a month. And so
that's what we were specifically
modeling and bringing into the the
coaching world with how we were doing uh
financing. And we even tested on one
offer having straight up on the ad
itself get coached for 600 bucks a month
and it was a 15K offer, right? And so um
and then we tested an iteration where
it's just like uh there was a
four-minute VSSL like in that. So, as
early in the the funnel as possible,
we're testing these different um ways of
of doing that. And
so, that was especially powerful for
those beginner bisop offers. Anyways,
seeing what all of these other companies
had done, similar to what you've done
with Dialer, it was just like, okay,
what's working about their platform?
What's not working? How's their
technology? What can we improve on? And
we're just like building literally the
best financing product for the coaching
space. and we're vertically able to get
into uh medical elective as well because
it's just as competitive in terms of how
the discounts work and everything else.
So, pretty exciting. I got a good
referral for you. Let's go. I like that.
Very very a really good um uh like
neuropathy clinic. Okay. Yeah.
Appreciate that. Very very good. So,
yeah. What's So, that has been a product
we've been live now for for eight
months. Um we have less like financial
purchasing all of our contracts. They're
the biggest subprime autoloan company in
the US. Yeah. Um but now we've got
somewhat of a foundation of data that
we're able to leverage for getting with
uh some investment banks that want to
give us a hund00 million credit facility
to start which credit facilities like a
line of credit that can only be used for
purchasing those contracts. So um and
then we can internally finance
essentially. Exactly. Yeah. Right. Yeah,
that's cool.
That's terrifying and exciting. Yes,
sir. I imagine like, you know, getting
signs like what are the who's
guaranteeing this, right? Who's the SEC?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My name Yeah. Yeah.
That's that's that's really cool, man.
It's really cool. So, what's the vision
for that? Like, what's the outcome? Uh
so the vision for that is to basically
empower people that want to improve
their lives because like as as many
problems as the coaching space has and
like I'm I lean right on most ideas but
I think this industry could use more
regulation um and how for sure I'm
delivered. I'm the exact I feel the
exact same way. Yeah. Sharp about
compliance because like everyone's run
around thinking like they're not going
to get sued, right? For sure are. Yeah.
So, I I think I think what's gonna And
nobody's got a crystal ball, but it's
just like I think that as colleges and
universities where it's like debt that
you cannot even get rid of with a BK and
it's outpacing inflation in terms of how
the prices are going up like 7% or
whatever a year. Like I think al
alternative education sources with like
coaching programs and things like that
are going to continue to grow more and
more because people will want to say
well I don't want to go learn underwater
basket weaving from this university if I
can just go learn how to flip homes and
that get the lifestyle I'm actually
wanting to here from learning from uh
from math. You know what I mean? Also
like you know a marketing degree is an
absolute waste of time. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. You know like what marketing
degree? What are you gonna learn? you
know, you learn theory about how to
scale Coke. Like, you you're not going
to be the CMO of Coke. What are you
doing? You know, engineers, lawyers, uh
I don't know, business degrees in terms
of like business management. Maybe I
MBAs. Oh my god. NBA's ruin everything.
Um you know, like I' I've worked on
companies where like, you know, I came
into like So, I've I've been lucky
enough to sort of look at some
multi-billion dollar companies, right?
come in as a consultant and go like they
go, "Hey, we're doing this. Can you like
wash your eyes over it?" They're good.
They pay me, you know, good amount of
cash to look at stuff. And I remember I
was on a meeting maybe like five months
ago and this is a multi-billion dollar
company and it was with their whole
marketing department. And they go, "So,
what do you think?" I go, "It feels like
you have a bunch of MBAs doing your
marketing who've never spent their own
money." I go, "This is
ridiculous." And they were like, "What
do you mean?" And I had like a mirror
board that was like this is all the
ridiculousness happening in real time. I
was like none of this talks. You have
all these like error four4 pages,
landing pages out there. You haven't got
any tracking on here. None of this is
connected. This isn't happening. This
copy doesn't match this copy. This is
stupid. This is run by morons. Like is
everyone here a marketing degree in MBA?
Raise your hand. They were like I was
like say it with me. I suck at
marketing. you know
like you know like marketing is like you
know I don't consider myself a marketer
but like [ __ ] I know how to get leads
you know to get people to do things
which is why like a dialer like you know
we have you know we have absolutely no
marketing whatsoever we don't have any
ads we have no SEO we have no one on
doing content it's me right um and you
know we drive seven to eight high
quality leads per day to the website
they opt in from there. About 30% of
them book themselves. Um, and we're
don't even call the ones that don't
right now. Um, if you want to call me,
you can call me, right? But we're just
we're just too busy because everything's
like a two to three call close. So,
like, you know, you have 20 a week and
it's 50. Yeah. So, it's about as many as
we can handle. And like I on boarded 41
accounts, which from a B2B standpoint,
like 41 accounts, you know, 221 seats
um an MR of 68,000 increase in a month
with zero advertising, you know, that's
a it's a good way to get leads, right?
But I love referral partners. And then,
you know, you got to give and you get,
right? A lot of people get take
referrals, but they don't give them.
That's the reason why referrals start
coming. Then you network. And I think
content, I think for someone like you,
you know, doing that content game, I
think, is is so incredibly important.
And people just, you know, they have a
really short-term view of how to do it.
But there's sort of nothing more
powerful than a strong personal brand.
And it doesn't have to be big. So I
would say my brand is not big, but I
would say that from a monetization
standpoint, yeah, I'm up there with the
best of them, right? like I I can I can
make some money from my you know my
13,000 YouTube
subscribers you know my 30,000 Instagram
subscribers like uh I can do one post
and get a 100 applications for like a
sales position. Y um and if I put out
sales training I'd make 100 grand in the
next hour. Yep. So, you know, but it it
just takes years of people not listening
to you and then all of a sudden enough
people do and like that's the game and I
think that's the trick that most people
miss. And for someone like what you're
doing, you you'll need if you have
10,000 people that listen to you, bro,
you you'll never need to advertise a day
in your life. Yeah. That's
thought. Yeah. Yeah. Because like and
the reason I'm like, okay, if I have
this finance company, why would I not
just be all in on trying to market that?
And I I think that there's going to be
uh them feeding into each other. And the
reason why that I'm doing the the sales
leadership education is because I think
most coaches will look at financing as a
way to pick up an extra deal or two or
three deals a week on people that are
currently not buying. And if I allow
them to think that way, then we're just
going to get the bottom of the barrel in
terms of the the FICO scores and
everything else because they didn't have
the available credit to actually just
pay, right? Uh or the income. And so,
um, the thought there is like if we put
out the education of how I've scaled
things and in showing affordability
earlier on in the funnel, then the
overall rorowaz, I mean, it would have
been impossible on a beginner bisop
offer like BNB Formula or the other
house flipping one that I did, uh, to
get to a couple million dollars a month
cash collected at a better than 4x
rorowaz, no back-end offer like at all.
Nothing was being upsold to at all. And
uh but that would have been impossible
without financing because I'm getting
somebody to say yes to three or $400 a
month and then the company's receiving
seven or $8,000 cash collected on that
deal, right? Yeah. That's a huge How
many What's that? That's a hu especially
with no backend. That's tough, man. If I
was asked to do that, I'd be like, "Ah,
next." Like that's too hard to figure
out, right? Yeah, I mean I I've been
blown away talking to people like
Mitchell Miles or whatever that helped
Cole, you know, with the ASM side and um
like I'm just like I've never even tried
to figure that side out and I'm like
I've never done I've never done high
level I've never done a lot of
financing. I've never we had seventh
level we had it and we did a lot of it
but not in comparison to the volume of
sale right. So um for for me because we
were to be honest it was purely because
of the volatility of fin market right so
I was really riskaverse with that and I
would see them going from two metrics
they were looking at whether it's like
credit score and like loan to value
right like credit score and like sort of
like um like like a debt to equity then
it was like them plus income then it was
that plus income plus you know uh like
um uh like the interest rates in like
the snake, right? So, it started like in
that there was that month there where
everyone got approved and it was really
weird and I was like, "This is odd." So,
I actually called our rep who was like
one of the top people there and I go,
"What's happening?" She goes, "Oh." And
I go, "No, this is very strange
behavior. You need to tell me what's
happening because like if if you're" I
go, "Did you lose a paper buyer?" And
that's when they lost American Credit.
And I was like, "Are you buying are you
trying to like paper your way out of a
situation?" They go, "Yeah." And I go,
"Fuck, man." So, I called the reps. I
go,
"I from then on because like it's 50/50
whether like someone comes after us for
that cash, right?" So, and I was like,
"I don't think we're going to get paid
out on it." And then all of a sudden,
like that like what do we tell the
client, you know, like if we don't get
paid out, but they've paid some, you
know, money, like what do we do with
that? Then we're going to have to
deliver services for free to not be a
bad
guy. And so I I I asked it there and
then. Um, but so I always kind of
avoided that because like you know there
was just that everinccreasing kind of
weirdness, you know what I mean? And so
like for me just kind of like always ran
without it. But it was always one of
those things everybody wanted. But I was
like I don't have enough understanding
of whether it's going to work next month
to to be okay with it, you know. But
that's like if someone because they
don't people don't understand the space
like like they didn't understand how
much money we were spending on ads and
it's like I'm if if I'm willing to break
even on the front right then I have to
ensure my back comes. Yeah. You know but
if you then withhold my back because
like you've done something stupid like
change what your billing looks like
without telling the customer like [ __ ]
me drunk. which is I mean with Fin
Market exactly what happened because I I
mean if you weren't using them you
didn't see this but like there was
literally when they shut down it was
like oh by the way none of the deals
that you've transacted for the last two
weeks are going to get paid out. Yeah it
was it was an ugly day. Yeah. So we
that's like literally I had that
conversation with them and I was like
now we're out and I just I ended it
there and there. Um, so we probably came
out, you know, probably a few months
before maybe six months before they shut
down or something. But I left Seventh
after soon after that and like I was I
didn't give a [ __ ] So I didn't look
into it. Um, but yeah, man. So I'm glad
that someone who understands the space
and who understands how these things
work and you know um I think I really
like the idea about being upfront about
it because like it takes away like that
inherent, you know, kind of I think like
inherent kind of sleaziness that can
come with it. You know what I mean?
Um because I feel like it's but you you
you're totally right because like you
know I'm not going to go and spend four
years and $300,000 on a marketing
degree. That's ridiculous. Like I would
much rather do three, five or $10,000
courses and I would happily finance the
college which is basically worthless for
a lot of jobs but you know that is like
it should be but I think that like you
know hopefully that requires the the
companies to be held to a slightly
higher standard at some point you know I
think brings in that regulation. In
Australia, we have what's called an RTO,
right? So, like a registered training
organization. So, you can jump through
the hoops. You get all your courses
government accredited. Um, now you could
argue that doesn't make them any better,
and I don't think it does, but it puts
you under a strict set of regulations,
but then you can offer government
funding.
So, you get the same sort of treatment
as that, and you can go through that
process, and you can do it, and there's
all the kinds of audits, and you know,
you've got to sort of put it into a
category. I thought about doing it for
sales because there is no one. There is
no sales degree.
Not even a sales qualification.
Interesting. It doesn't exist, right? So
like what I was what I was going to do
um was going to do a a degree. It was
going to be like a certificate for ine
business with an emphasis of sales is
what it was going to be called because
you have to do it under a business one,
right? Yeah. Because sales marketing
degree is sales degree doesn't exist.
Which is crazy because one in every
eight positions is a sales position and
there is no qualification for it. Yeah.
It is mind-blowing, right? That's crazy.
Yeah. But to be fair, they would come
out terrible and then you get like
imagine imagine dealing with somebody in
masters in sales. Oh,
could you imagine that
conversation? Like, how much money do
you make, mate? Oh, well, I have a
masters. Be like, yeah, but are you any
good? Like, yeah. Oh, you make 11,000 a
month. Oh, cool. Oh, cute. Horrible. How
do you pay the bills? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. How are you going to pay
for your Lambo? Like, what's going on
there? Oh, that's that's that's [ __ ]
brutal. That's cool, man. So, like, uh,
what do you think you're So, you're live
now launch. Like, how do people go and
Yeah. Uh, so it's Shyfi, um,
shilohofinance.com or
shyfi.io. Um, actually
shyifi.iocoaching, which is
shifi.io/coaching. Um, that's where you
can see like how the how we've done the
pricing breakdown. And um, I know when
we have our own credit facilities set up
that there might be some changes to how
that looks in terms of like we're
probably going to drop the interest rate
from what's on the website. uh to a
lower interest rate. We're probably
going to add in like a 12 month CMS cash
promo on everything. Um but also lower
the term length because that's what
these banks want to see is to to like 36
months max, maybe 48 months, but they're
really comfortable at the 36-month
level. Um but yeah, it's uh so there's
different offerings and things that
we'll we'll be able to roll out. We know
that, but Westlake loves the 60-month
long-term contracts for whatever reason.
So, you know, in terms of affordability,
we're able to uh in the amount of cash
collection that you can get with a full
spectrum like Prime to even below 600
FICO, we're going to obviously take a
massive discount on that. But in terms
of uh you know, optimizing for
affordability to cash collection hitting
your your bank account, there's there's
literally not a better uh finance tool
in the market right now
for like what's the criteria of business
that you're looking for?
uh 150k a month in to current revenue uh
is ideal. Um we've seen some approvals
down to like 100k a month but like
everything else has got to be squeaky
squeaky clean. Uh US entity with US uh
principles meaning people's social
security numbers. Um we're looking at
other countries of course but got to
scale deep on US before we scale
horizontally. Yeah. Also to be honest
like
there's enough people in the US for a
while. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Australia like
you know people don't there's nowhere
near the use of credit facilities.
Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just doesn't
happen as much. What about like uh you
know high ticket fitness business? You
know something like a Vshred? Yeah. It
would work for them too. Um I found for
a lot of fitness though um people
typically can more comfortably just pay
out of pocket for that. But like so it's
not as powerful of a tool to optimize
for affordability there, but you are
going to pick up extra business like
like the uh this the shyi CEO side of me
says like yeah push everything through
financing but like from just like
general wisdom standpoint like get the
credit card transactions when you can.
Um but where I think that Shyi like
really shines is like do I put this
person on an in-house payment plan or do
I put them through financing? Well, if
you put them through financing because
they can't pay in full, now you don't
have any kind of uh accounts receivables
that you have to worry about. That
whole, you know, department's gone now.
It's not a headache. Yeah, that's
brilliant. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. And
then like what about like uh like you
doing software or anything like that?
No, not at the moment. Sweet. I mean, we
have our own application there um in
terms of the Shi application, but Yeah.
Yeah. No, I mean you work any software
companies.
Oh, like because it would be safer,
right? So like, you know what I mean?
Because like uh you can't charge back
something. Oh, you're talking about
financing a software. Yeah. You know
what I mean? So like you know you could
like you know if someone has an app it's
200 bucks or whatever because like I
think one of the one of the issues with
say chargebacks is like oh I didn't use
it or buy that, right? But it's like if
you can track it then you it's like no
you definitely did. Yeah. Yeah. We we
are set up to do that. Um, we haven't
found many
people wanting to use that. They want to
get the actual cash up front if
possible. But we are set up for somebody
to be like, "Hey, I just want to have
like an in-house payment plan where I
can charge interest," which you can do
legally without being a lender as long
as you're financing your own services in
a sense. Yeah. Um, and then uh but have
like the payments being reported to the
credit bureaus, you know, and basically
you have your own retail installment
sales contract. You're able to set that
up within uh the rules of the state of
where you're located as well as the
state of where the prospect or the
customer is. Um, but we're set up to to
do that where we could just like manage
those payments and take a fee for
reporting to the bureaus and everything
on your behalf. So, yeah. Cool, man. I
like that. That's that that's [ __ ]
excellent. All right. Well, I got some
clients for you. I got a couple monster
ones, too. Let's go. I'll give Jake
after this and see if you know him. Um,
and do you do you know do you know
Douglas? You work with him at all?
James. Yeah. He just uh onboarded into
Shifi like three days ago. So, because
he's got that leafy.
Yeah, it's pretty cool. Yeah. I don't
know. I I've sent a few people his way,
but Yeah, man. So yeah, it's him and
Simple Check are kind of like the two
big ones right now. Um the difference
between the data they're they're pulling
from what I understand when I uh talked
to those guys is like Leapfi is pulling
a a Vantage score 3.0 which is the same
thing that if you open up a credit karma
app like that's the score that you're
going to get. Um the difference is with
and it just depends on for a lot of
credit card stacking that works really
well if that's like the financing tool
that you're going to go for. But for
direct to merchant financing where it's
like or even direct to consumer where
it's actually a personal loan with
unsecured debt, uh you're you're going
to want a FICO score. And so it's a
little bit more expensive, but that's
what you can get from Simple Check.
Okay. So, makes sense. Makes sense. All
right, man. Well, awesome. Well, people
can go and check you out. Um, I don't
think anything you're going to do is
done in hops and it seems like you've uh
you've well and truly done the due
diligence and that's awesome, dude. I'm
going to send some people your way.
Awesome, man. Appreciate you. Awesome.
Well, we'll speak to you on the next
one. Five.
