I got into the first company that I
started actually doing sales stuff with.
And what we did is we went from zero to
about 110 reps. I realized I was [ __ ]
good at this. The sales team is a tool
to use in order to generate revenue. So
I have to use that tool in the most
appropriate way. And the ship is what
matters. I can't sacrifice the ship in
exchange for the people on it because if
I do that, everyone drowns.
If I give you all these deals compared
to this person, this person's giving me
an 8x return. You're giving me a two. So
what do I do? Do you have a top person
like I like a waterfall based system
like so they are full and then other
people start to eat because people are
like oh it's not fair well no they're
better you have ad spend you have
commissions you have base you have
whatever other support staff is needed
for you to run your department whatever
that return is it's just like rorowaz so
we call it a cash return index what do
you think is the most common blind spot
that most businesses have
all righty guys welcome to an episode of
coffees for closers myself and Aaron
Platt yes sir today um but we're We
we're at Cole Gordon's event at the
moment in uh in Florida and uh Aaron is
like a I met I met Aaron I met you in
Paris, right? Yeah. You sound so fancy.
[ __ ] wee wee,
right? Uh, so I met I met Aaron in Paris
at the at at at Cole's event there and
I've heard a lot of people talk about
sales process and sales ops and
obviously it's kind of one of my things
and uh I went up to went up to Aaron I
was like that's you're the only person
that I've ever like been like oh yeah
you you [ __ ] you get it you know it's
rare like you know and and it's you work
mainly within HubSpot but like it wasn't
even about that it was more about the
fact that I was like oh like you are
taking into account the complexities of
multi- aent, high volume, multiple
[ __ ] lead sources. Um, and and just,
you know, like the nuances of making
sales more effective without having to
sit down and like spend 50 G's on sales
training because like sales training is
the least effective way to make more
sales imaginable. Yeah. I mean, dude,
what makes sales operations, what we're
kind of alluding to, fun is how deep you
can actually solve a problem. That's why
when we met, you were talking about
dialer. I was like, I can I I like this.
This is this is interesting, you know?
Um because I mean, we're not good
because we just understand process. And
that's where a lot of people I think
it's where you start. Yeah. In general,
it's like, okay, this plus this plus
this plus this, this is a problem. I can
identify problems now. Yeah. And then
once you can actually go down and you
can solve that same problem with
multiple different Yeah. potential
solutions. Um that's when [ __ ] gets fun.
Yeah. And that's where what got you into
like cuz I think like I can I can
pinpoint exactly why like I think the
way I do. um like I was a sniper and so
someone asked me it's top of mind cuz
someone asked me like I think it was
last night they're like oh like you seem
to you know the way that you sort of
solve problems you know and I was like
well for me it's like uh if if you have
a like I I like I like to look for
reasons to not make changes Yeah. And
and so what you're doing is looking for
variables that are like [ __ ] with
things. Yeah. And if that variable is
temporary then note it but don't change.
That variable is like consistent like
wind. I'm not going to change off a
gust. I'm going to change. What did you
do before the military? Uh I was a high
school student. Oh, you went straight
in. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
And then after the military, you went
into what? Uh uh fitness. So that's
right. I was a PT and then I own gyms
and I got rid of the gyms. Yeah, I
remember. Okay. Yeah, dude. I you know,
so when I got started, I've got a really
interesting kind of arc, I would say.
Um, but so I mean, long story short, I
didn't finish high school. I got kicked
out. Yep. So, I got kicked out. I had to
figure stuff out pretty quickly. I'm big
family. I've got six brothers and
sisters. Okay. Grew up born in
Minnesota, moved to Orlando, you know,
we were in a very rich area. So, I got
this like public shame on me and my name
super early, right? Yeah. Nice. Nice.
Uh, which I mean I had to figure stuff
out pretty quickly. Um, so went to
school, started hanging out with a bunch
of people up in college and um, you
know, this is when like drop shipping
was a thing. Oh yeah. So I started a
bikini company. Of course. Makes sense.
It was the best thing I've ever done.
You know, I was 19. I was selling
bikinis. So uh, long story short, we
bought a bunch of free fittings. Oh,
free fittings. Free Yeah. Send us
pictures. Make sure it's fitting. You
know, all that stuff. But so anyways,
the reason I'm saying this is cuz like
for me, I've just kind of blown open one
door and it's led to the next, the next,
the next. And that's kind of what
started me into business. I started an
events company. We were doing events
everywhere. That's how I met my wife
actually. She got a ticket and you know,
so got married there. But you got an
action taker%. Yeah. So anyways, with
the events company, we were crowdsourced
consultants basically. Okay. like we had
a few hundred people paying us a monthly
fee. I was 19, 20 years old. Obviously,
I'm not valuable at that age with
experience, right? But what I was good
at, what my partner was good at is we
were bringing in really good people. We
were paying them and figuring out how to
work. Okay, we've got a big audience,
right? Come in, coach our groups. So, I
got to learn a [ __ ] ton of stuff. Not by
teaching it, but by just just by
figuring out by being a connector in the
beginning. Yeah. Yeah. That company went
down. I got into sales. Okay. And uh
everyone ends up in sales 100%. No one
plans to be here 100%. So anyways, um
I'd seen a lot of startups. I talked and
heard a lot of people and I, you know, I
was 19, 20 years old. I had [ __ ] ton
energy. So I got into the first company
that I started actually doing sales
stuff with, which was a company called
Connected. And I got to put a blindfold
on and basically build my first sales
team. Okay. And what we did is we went
from zero to about 110 reps all full
cycle in about a six month period. Yeah.
We outgrew two offices. What were you
selling? That's software. [ __ ] That's
crazy, man. Yeah, we got up to 500k MR
from about 25. So, I realized I was
[ __ ] good at this. Yeah. And every
little framework that I have now, and
this is kind of the reason I'm telling
this, is it came from me having to solve
it because I had no [ __ ] clue what I
was doing. Yes. I was so busy and I had
so many people that I was responsible
for. I had no idea about layered
management or decision- making or it was
just get it done. People are looking at
you like, "What do we do?" 100%. You
were like, "Well, I guess we try this."
100%. So like the first thing was I'm
hiring a ton of people now. How do I
train them? All right. Well, we're going
to do a hell week. So we're bringing
everybody in. We're going to do it all
together and then I'm going to cut the
people I know aren't going to work week
one so we don't waste money. That's the
way to do it. Yeah. Next thing came, all
right. Well, how are we actually going
to train everybody? All right. Well, we
need this to be gamified. I need to give
them targets. So milestone one, two,
three. Right. So I got into being really
good at the people side first. And
that's what's driven me so far over to
the operations side because I actually
understand that. Yeah. What we were
talking about, you know, before this, I
won't mention anything, but like you
have somebody who's in charge of
operations but doesn't get the people or
the actual sales or the marketing or the
I think one thing that I see a big
disconnect. I see a lot of companies
which I think is really toxic is when
admin
uh like trumps sales. Yeah. That's a
very [ __ ] toxic. It's just really
hard to get out of because like give an
example of what you're talking like well
like I remember when I was running
seventh I remember like there was um
like finance department right yeah was
like hey we need to control like these
payment plans and do this and do this
because like it's really difficult
I was like uh stop I was like I don't
care um just hire another person you
know I was like I was like this is a
ridic like we don't yeah we don't want
to step in front of the sales team yeah
we're not going to make uh sales
adjustments due to administrative
difficulties like to to facilitate that.
Now, we will stop if there's a payment
plan that's being sold that's
ineffective because it's just ridiculous
and people don't pay it. That's a
totally different thing. But if we're
going to we're not going to make
decisions on sales and marketing. Um
delivery trumps everything in my
opinion. So like right so delivery is
number one. But in terms of like there's
a lot of like tech people who will like
stop a transition because of like tech
difficulties. He's just like, "No, man.
Just hire a project based team and then
[ __ ] get it done and then like do it
because if that thing stopping us from
making revenue or holding us back like
you know the revenue is like the
lifeblood of the business." Yeah. And so
if it's not detrimental to the product
and if anything it lifts the product up
and it's going to help us make more
money, make more sales either like or
like use our advertising more
effectively, you know, the
administrative [ __ ] fight is just a
problem to solve. whereas like we we
need to push forward with that and so
you know I see a lot of I see a lot of
companies that are sort of ruled by I
think departments that are meant to be a
supporting structure you know and so
like when I was in I was in special
operations and so you usually have like
it's around 10 support staff to every
one shooter and the shooter is like what
matters you know whatever the shooter
needs the shooter gets and the support
staff have to facilitate it there's So,
like, oh, but it's like, shut the [ __ ]
up and do the thing because they're out
there doing the thing, right? And you
are required to fix these things. I
don't care what time of day it is, what
it is. Like, you have to figure it out.
And I think like, you know, it's not
that sales people should be able to walk
around with impunity, you know? But I
remember there's one situation where
like the top rep uh this is just this is
like a management thing, right? Like the
the the top rep was just not good at
doing admin. And the top rep is never
good at doing admin. They're the top
rep. I was the top rep. I was [ __ ] at
doing admin. And um and so the
management came to me and they were
like, "Oh, we're going to we're going to
suspend this guy for 2 weeks." And I was
like, "Uh the [ __ ] you are? You know how
much revenue that means?" I was like,
"The guy makes us 400k a month by
himself." So you want to cut out
$200,000 this month? Yeah. And and they
just said, "Yeah, but he's not doing his
ad. We need to set an exam. We need to
set a standard." I was like, "Well, I
mean, as long as you guys are okay not
getting paid for the next three months,
like I suppose I'll let you do it."
They're like, "What?" And I was like,
"Well, I mean, like, we're going to you
on on principle of to be fair you not
being able to enforce the policies in
which you're paid to enforce, you want
me to take a $200,000 haircut,
right?" So, I was like, "So,
it would stand to reason that you're
willing to take a haircut as well?"
They're like, "Uh." And I was like, "Or
I could just fire you and get a manager
that can make him do his data. What do
you think?" And they were like, "Oh,
okay." Okay. And I was like, "How much
do you think it would cost to get him a
VA to do his data form?" Two grand a
month. I was like, "How about instead of
wasting $200,000, we just pay two?" And
they were like, "Oh yeah, guess that
makes sense." I was like, "Every come to
me with this again, you're fired." How
about uh $198,000
a month instead of 200. And it's stupid
[ __ ] like that that is just like, "What
are you like, what's happening?" I Dude,
I think the
out of principal I mean I principal is
the worst thing. Yeah. Like obviously
it's good to have principles but like
you can't you can't you know manage a
team like you know like I'm a big fan of
like a really aggressive lead routing.
Yeah, I agree. Like the more aggressive
like if you have a top person they
should like I like a waterfall based
system like so they they are full and
then other people start to eat. Yep.
Because people like oh it's not fair.
It's like well no it's not. They're
better. Yeah. And like Steph Curry gets
the bowl because Steph Curry gets the
bowl. Dude, I I think you'll love this.
And I I uh this is the report I was
showing you earlier. So, what we've been
teaching a lot of our clients is very
simple but super effective way of
managing a sales team, right? You have
setters, you have closers, you have your
sales director. Yeah. If you asked most
people, how do you KPI your sales
director?
Every single other person's going to
answer 10 different ways, right? Yeah. I
look at it as pretty easy. You have ad
spend that's given to the sales director
ROI, right? You have commissions, you
have base, you have basically whatever
other support staff is needed for you to
run your department, right? Whatever
that is
basically against whatever cash
collected, whatever that return is, it's
just like rorowes, right? So, we call it
a cash return index and we use it for
the sales director and we use it for the
setters and we use it for the closers.
That's exactly how we uh ranked all the
closers. That's exactly how it should
be. Yeah. So, because you can you can
you can like inflate your ROI with
referrals of course, which is obviously
what you want 100%. So, basically what
we do and what we're doing for our
closers right now and our comp plan is
set up is so based our average call
booked right cost is 200 bucks. Okay,
good. Pre-quidation, right? So, not like
we haven't taken out liquidated costs of
ad spend yet. So, $200. So, I give you,
let's say, you know, I give you five
sets over a 30-day period, right? So,
I've given you $1,000, right? If we look
at all of our closers, that into your
business, I've invested that into you as
a closer, right? So, this is my
expected, right? So, I've given you
$1,000 in terms of booked calls, right?
If I look across all the closers and
we're at a 5x, right? So, typically when
I give somebody $1,000 in 30 days, they
bring me back 5,000, right? There's
going to be people that are way above,
people below. But basically what we do
is then we look at it. We say, "Okay,
cool. Matt, you're at a 2x, right?
You're very far from where we need you
to be. You're off rotation. You're off
lead delegation or booked calls, round
robin, whatever you guys do until you're
back up to this point. So now he has to
follow up. He has to actually close
deals. He's got to get referrals. He's
got to do whatever, right? And if he
can't do it in a certain amount of time,
offboard, we're done." Yeah. Easy. It's
the easiest. The value prop isn't there
100%. Right. If I give you all these
deals compared to this person, this
person's giving me an 8x return. You're
giving me a two. So, totally. What do I
do? It's exactly how you do it. Same
thing with setters. Yep. Right. Take a
look. End of the month, someone's at
three. They're supposed to be at five.
Okay. You're off lead delegation. You
have 600 leads that we've given you. Get
to where we need you to be. Yeah. So, it
becomes a very simple, easy equation.
And I mean, it shouldn't be difficult,
right? Like what you were talking about
where it's like, oh, we need to take
them off this, we got to give an
example. We do all that. It's just like
Yeah. Just No, you don't. Yeah. You
don't. And then like, you know, my thing
is like there's there's no fair there's
no DEI in sales in the same way there's
no DEI in sports. DEI like diversity,
equity, and inclusion. Okay. You know
what I mean? It's like there's no like,
okay, because you have blue hair, like
you get to do this or whatever, right?
It's just whoever I don't care who you
are, what you look like, where you come
from. If you're the best, you're the
best. 100%. Right. Just don't lie on
calls like because that because that's
not sales, right? Um, and so like our
top guy had a 15x, right? I mean, yeah.
Which is [ __ ] solid. Yeah. It's like,
and if you come to me, like you're in a
very negotiable position. Well, okay. If
you have if you have 10 people and
somebody's at 15, but they've only got
60% of their capacity filled. Oh, yeah.
Wouldn't it make sense to just give them
more? Bump them up. That's not fair.
Well, no, it is fair. Is we're in
business, right? We're in business. And
it's like the So, like the ship is what
matters in business. It's like people
you got you got to separate uh
individuals and people from workers and
employees. So like uh a person is just
as valuable as the next person, right?
For sure. But they're not as an
employee. There is different value
espoused onto them based off what they
can do and their return and their
experience. Same in sports. If we're if
we're it's fourth down and we're about
to lose and we're going to Super Bowl.
We're giving Marshall Lynch the bowl
100%. You know. Yeah. No, no, no, no.
Jimmy hasn't played yet. Jimmy hasn't
played today. We got to get Jimmy in the
Super Bowl. And and when you put it in
sports, everyone's like, "Oh, I totally
get it." And but sales is sports and
businesses is kind of a sport because
you have to use your team. And I think a
good sales manager particularly manages
it like a sports team because you you
need your 30 point gang guys, 10 point
guys, they're going to sit where they're
going to sit 100%. And you know, but a
percentage of that team is getting
traded out. It happens. At some point
it's going to happen. Yeah. And and then
and then the people who are really good
are in very negotiable positions and
they will get special treatment. Yeah.
and they should get special treatment
because they've put in the effort to be
better. Well, they're consistent. Yeah.
And so consistent the value prop. And so
like I always say like hey listen like
as human beings like I think like I'm
everyone is you know created equal. Um
and I value everyone the same way but in
business like I don't like the sales
team is a tool to use in order to
generate revenue. And so I have to use
that tool in the most appropriate way
and the ship is what matters. So, like I
can't sacrifice the ship in exchange for
the people on it because if I do that,
everyone drowns. Yeah. Right. So, I have
to do what's best for the ship. Well,
especially in sales. Yeah. Right. So, I
have to make sure that the whole ship
stays good. So, like, you know, if
there's a guy who's not doing his [ __ ]
you know what I mean? But he produces a
lot of money, by taking away that money,
that puts the ship in danger. Yeah.
Because it needs that to maintain
itself. And so like I I can't like you
can't and people are like, "Oh, but this
it's like no, dude." Like because if I
make a decision that then causes us to
have to lay off 30 people,
right? Because we lose that guy and like
and then he takes the four best reps
with him. Yeah. You know what I mean?
Then all of a sudden now we're down a
million dollars a month and you're
fired. Now you can't feed your kids,
mate. And it was really interesting. I
watched this thing once and it was um it
was this guy. It was an NFL player and
he came in and he came into a team that
had a like a like top quarterback. Can't
remember who it was and he hit him in
practice, right? Not like super hard but
hit him. Yeah. And the [ __ ] staff
pulled him aside and was like, "Never
[ __ ] touch him again." And they was
like, "What the fuck?" And like that.
And he was like, "No, dude. You have to
understand like he pays you're you're
for everyone." Yeah. like you know every
there's there's 700 people that work for
this team and he's the one that is the
reason everyone has a job like without
him they don't win Super Bowls you know
they don't do this they don't do and
it's like so the the the Christmas bonus
everything is on that [ __ ] dude man
and it's like so don't break him well
dude and it's interesting that right
there is why what we do is so much
[ __ ] fun
because when we come into typical
companies or anything along those lines
they a million different ideas as to
what they need to do and how they need
to do it. When we come in and we're just
like, "No, no, no. Here's the options we
have. This is super disruptive. This
isn't disruptive at all. And we only
need this tiny little thing here, here,
and here. And then your player who's
making you all the money is going to
make you way more. Yeah. You're not
going to give anything more. You're not
putting any more money in here. We're
just fixing across this process." Yeah.
And it's it's I mean, that's why sales
operations is fun. Yeah. We get to make
people way better by enabling them and
making better decisions. Like the
example you were giving with the lead
routing for booked calls. Hey, you don't
want to give it to the 15x person, but
then we give it to all these people and
our cost per acquisition goes skyhigh
and now you're worried about marketing
and we can't spend as much and
there's all these other freaking
problems now. Now we can't afford
fulfillment back half people. So the
refunds are higher. Now the uh
fulfillment team is burnt out because
they're not getting paid enough and
they're not aligned to bonus or
incentives because you don't have the
money to do it because you've given it
to a six instead of a seven. It's
getting rusty. 100%. What What would you
say you think like so like you you you
go in like what what do you think is the
most common I guess blind spot that most
businesses have? Uh I mean this is going
to be super obvious for you, but um they
don't know their numbers. Yeah. At all.
I they they they have their numbers, but
they're never accurate. Yeah, they're
never accurate. The funniest thing is
when you go watch your number, it's
like, well, and then they're like this,
but I don't know it's accurate. Why do
you have it? Why do you have it, man?
Like, what are you? So, I was at an
event manually. What are you doing? I
was at an event two weeks ago and I was
talking to them. I was giving my little,
you know, presentation kind of similar
to the one in Paris. And I I asked uh I
asked the whole speedily thing. I was
like, "Who here can pull up, you know,
exact time, date, by rep, by dash?"
Everyone's like, "Oh, I can." It's like,
"Great. Come up here and do it.
Everyone's like, "Oh, no, no. I can't.
There's no way. I don't have these
numbers. I don't have these numbers."
So, I just I wanted just I I wanted to
raise my hand. I don't want to be held
accountable. Yeah. Yeah. But no, the
reason I say is like the It's funny that
people usually have like really good
people, you know, that that's why
they've done well, right? They know how
to close. They've got a good process,
whatever the case may be. But the
obvious to me and you where we're
looking at, okay, here's your
department. All right. What? That's kind
of a strange number. Like, why? Okay.
lead to booking. Like, why is that? Oh,
okay. Well, we're contacting 15% of our
leads. Oh, well, we're also only getting
to leads 10 hours once they come in. Oh,
and then on top of that, our average
connection rate with outbound calls is 2
and a.5%. So, you guys want to solve
56,000 different things. You want to
hire a bunch of reps. Your reps are
actually only at about 50% capacity if
we fix these three things. And that
would make you guys what? 20% more
profitable. Yeah. So, it's it's not that
and I mean you you're gonna get this
too, but it's not that they're not doing
things correctly. It's that they don't
actually know like they don't see their
sales process. Yeah. Right. They kind of
know it, but they don't actually see
what's going on in there. Um and that's
what makes it fun to be honest. And then
there's of course some people that are
just [ __ ] destroyed. like
everything's all over the place. Cuz
what happens is when a company starts
doing well, sales team starts getting
built and they start to actually hit
that kind of inflection point where
everything starts to grow, someone
assumes operations.
Yeah. Yeah. Meaning somebody raises
their hand and goes, I'll be the ops
guy. Let me build the CRM. Let me do
this. Let me get the reporting. Right.
Yeah. Um and that's just naturally how
it goes. But what happens is they build
a bunch of [ __ ] that doesn't work.
Somebody else comes in. It's just all,
you know, sticky tape and popsicle
sticks, right? Yeah. So, I which is why
like, you know, I I have a like um, you
know, it's why like, you know, so I I've
used clothes a lot and I think closes is
is is is adequate in a lot of ways.
Yeah. But I think like it it
fundamentally it's not a CRM. It's more
of a sales front end. It's like a sales
enablement tool. Yeah. Exactly. Right.
And then, you know, like GHL I think is
appropriate for smaller businesses that
want kind of a one-in solution. save
some money. I call I call I call it the
kitty pool. Yeah. I call it HubSpot for
broke people. Okay. You know, that's
what I say. Um I remember I was uh I put
up a screenshot the other day of uh the
CEO of Alaware opting in to our funnel
and I put up a screenshot and it said
HubSpot, right? Because it's we because
we use HubSpot. And so someone was like,
"Oh, why HubSpot and not [ __ ] GHL?"
And I just wrote because I'm not broke,
right? Like that was the [ __ ] And it
was like, dude, it's it's crazy what
people won't spend money on, but then
they will. Yeah. Oh, I'll spend money on
this, but CRM, yeah, three grand a
month. Are you kidding me? It's like,
dude, you spend you spend like six grand
a month on your tech stack, right? We
have complete attribution from front to
back. Exactly. It's like, you know,
like, you know, I could and my data is
secure. Yeah. You know, and my it loads
because it's like it's uh like the one
of the differences between I think how
HubSpot does it is that like they're
spinning up an individual instance of
HubSpot for you, right? So they have
like a really really involved what I can
see is I could be wrong but like
multi-tenency. So like you know where so
whereas GHL what it seems to be I could
totally be wrong. What it seems to be is
that they're storing your data in a
server farm right and then giving you an
interface to interact with your data.
But it's all search lookup not filter.
It's why it's so [ __ ] slow. Yeah
that's fair. you know, so that's why
like you put something in. So it's
almost like everybody's on uh a GHL,
they probably have like 150 different
farms, right? Because the amount of
people they have, but they will have a
lot of clients on each farm. Yeah.
Instead of having like So you're all in
a house in a room, you have your own
room in the house, but you don't have
your own apartment in a building. That's
fair, right? So it's like whereas like
you know at Dialer, that's how we
started. We started everyone in a room
in a house. You know what I mean? Um,
but then as we're scaling out right now,
we're building out and it's it's complex
and expensive like to build out the
multi-tenency. Yeah. Which is get your
own apartment, which means you can
decorate it how you want. You know, you
can do other things, right? Some of the
stuff we spoke about. Um, but like it
makes everything faster because like,
you know, you're filtering information
that's constantly there instead of
having to go and search and look it up.
Yeah. Um where which is why like your
information in HubSpot, it's just always
there. It's there all the time, you
Dude, I I mean what I'll say and I don't
think people are thinking about this.
You might be thinking about this, but
when you look at your overall tech
stack, right, the reason you want it to
be as centralized as possible, meaning
reporting coming from one place,
everything as integrated as possible
from whatever you're using, right, front
to back to marketing to your dialer to
all these different things. You want it
to be as centralized as possible. And
you want it to be somewhere that's
centralized in something that when AI
becomes as big as it's going to be, you
can plug in and it's organized and it's
ready for you to actually go into. And I
think HubSpot has done a really good
job. They just I don't Are you familiar
with they just launched their open AI
integration? No. Okay. So now I can go
to my HubSpot or go to my chatbt and I
can literally say, "Hey, how many calls
did my reps do today?" Oh, it'll
literally be like, Aaron, so so far Adam
Corn D did all these calls. What's my
lead to booking for the last two weeks
off of uh campaign blah blah blah your
lead to booking percentage off? Wow.
Yeah, that's [ __ ] nuts. Yeah, I
didn't know that. Yep. So, guess what?
Now we can do a whole We're already
doing a lot of crazy [ __ ] because Well,
here's the thing, right? So, if you look
at a platform like Close, right? Yeah.
Great sales enablement tool. Then you're
100% right saying that it's not a CRM,
right? Yeah. It's good. You've got easy.
You can get in there. You can use it
really quickly. You can set it up. Like
doing sales, it's a [ __ ] good tool
for that. Oh, [ __ ] yeah. 100%. Same with
GHL. If you got a small team, it's your
first go at business. Like you want to
get up and cheap. Yeah, that's perfect.
And you can get a [ __ ] dude named
Venod to go in there and [ __ ]
go on a sub campaign 100%. But when
you're looking at HubSpot and how fast
it's actually innovating, they're the
first CRM to do that with OpenAI.
Now they have all these native features
for AI. You also have all of these other
things that are starting to happen. And
the cool thing is because you're
marketing, so when somebody interacts
with an ad, they're in the system,
right? When you do sales stuff, calls,
talk, text, this, that, meetings, Zoom,
transcription, all this stuff is in
there, right? And now your fulfillment
is in there, your payments are in there,
all of your surveys, and all these
things are in there. Guess what? Now you
can plug in AI and AI has all of these
data points in one house. Yeah. Which
means that the more uh like disconnected
everything is, right? That you have
close and then you have active campaign
and then you have this and then you have
Plecto for data and then you have this
and then you have that and then you have
all these different things. Yeah. What
are we plugging into when we actually
really want to start leveraging AI
capabilities? You know what I Yeah. So,
I think what I'm most excited for, to be
honest, why we've been starting to put a
lot of money into devs and some other
stuff is the more that AI and all this
application grows, the people that are
going to really win are the ones that
have the most data centralized
with the easiest access point to it
because you can do whatever you want
afterwards, right? Instead of me needing
to plug in here, bring this over from
that, this, this, this, this, this. I'm
just plugging directly into HubSpot and
I'm pulling whatever the [ __ ] I want out
of it. Yeah, I like that. So, it's it's
it's allowing us to like it'll like
innovate into like, you know, AI smart
list. You name it, dude. You name it,
right? Yeah. So, tell who to fire, dude.
Who should I fire? John. [ __ ] John.
John's out. Calm down, Chad. GBT. No.
[ __ ] John. He's a problem. Right. Listen
to this call. I'm like, all right, [ __ ]
All right. I guess I got to do it. Yeah.
But so, anyways, like that's something.
I wonder how that opens up to like
automatic finding. What do you mean? you
know like
oh fines you're saying like if you know
what I mean if it ever opens people up
to that I maybe you know there's those
compliance monitoring softwares and my
my thought for that is like I think it's
great what compliance but like if you
ever get do get investigated wouldn't
that be the first place you go
that'd be so easy for them hey sorry we
got to plug into your API real quick and
uh run a Wouldn't that be like the first
thing that they do I think so yeah So
tip for young players, if you're gonna
have a compliance software, have your
lawyer hold the account. That's what I
would do anyway if I was gonna have
that. Our our sales calls are like, "Do
you want a dialer?" Yeah. I mean, that's
fair. Yeah. I mean, for us, we're I
mean, we're just talking business, you
know? We're going through a bunch of
different stuff. It's not But yeah, I
mean, a lot of what uh B2B and BC are
totally different. Yeah, 100%. I don't
know, dude. I mean, this whole world is
getting really [ __ ] exciting. And if
you understand sales and you also
understand how to put the operations
around that, yeah, dude, I think uh
you're uh going to be valuable no matter
where you're at. And you're you're
launching a like sales ops kind of
program. So for businesses, for
individuals, so for the last like five,
six years, what we've always done is
done for you, right? You come in, we do
a big ass analysis, figure out all the
gaps, all the holes, build a scope,
right? Then we build that scope for you.
we onboard and train your team and make
sure you guys are good to go. Um what's
happened a lot is people would come to
us and say hey we want you know we want
to understand this we want to learn how
to do it in house etc. uh we'll buy your
documentation we'll do right we're like
no the beginning of this year we started
saying yes and it's done extremely well
and now the number one thing that people
are looking for is sales ops people
right hey we absolutely want to do this
we need to learn this we don't have
anybody right so that's opened up an
opportunity for us to start training
people that want to go into companies
and admin the sales operations and learn
how to do the things that we're talking
about now you see it being like people
learning and then turning into like
fractional sales sales ops or do you see
like um potentially I mean on that side
honestly I'm not sure that's where we're
headed right just because it's been a
natural progression for us and I think
it'd be really exciting to start
teaching people how to actually make
money through sales operations because
it's I've had the most fun doing
tractional sales management has like
exploded but I I think like there's a
but it's all leveraging we're going to
place you and manage closers and
setters. Yeah. Whereas like in my
opinion
like like for example like if I'm asked
to come in and like uh hey audit you
know come in like I get asked all the
time. I don't do it that often but it's
like hey can you like help us grow?
We're stuck here here. If I go and do an
audit the the very last thing I will do
the very last is even speak to their
sales reps. Yeah. And that's usually
surprising. It's the same process for
us. Yeah. We don't even talk to them for
the most part because they're like, "Oh,
the reps are this and the reps are
that." And I'm like, "Oh, yeah, fair
enough." Then I go through and I go,
"Okay, well, like I've ordered
everything and I've found 87 different
things that I think are stupid." Um,
like two of them are rep based, so I
think we should probably just fix these
other ones, you know? And even things
like, you know, there's dead links
everywhere, right? Or there's like, oh,
I found all your pricing on Reddit or
like, you know, uh, you're a goo your
name, right? You know, like there
there's far more pressing matters. um to
to to to fix and like you know people
even something as as simple as like they
have no show and show and I was like
well but did they all no show? Did they
cancel? Did they reschedule? Um like
have have you figured out like when that
is like is your training schedule
optimized to your highest revenue
generating lowest revenue generating
times? Like have you just structured the
team and the daytoday like give you the
best opportunity for throughput? Yeah.
Do you ask for referrals? Yeah. You
know, there's so we call, dude, we call
all of that like if we took a hundred of
those things and we just put it on like
this is the least disruptive. Yeah.
Right. So here's the least disruptive
that we could change tomorrow and it
wouldn't change anything, right? It
wouldn't break anything. No one would
freak out. No big process change. No
system be 10% more profitable at least.
100%. You can take all these things and
you can just do them. Yeah. Right. But
then there's all this stuff that comes
with the system and the process and just
well number one having the data knowing
how to look at it knowing how to read
it. So I mean our primary stuff that we
I mean right now people come to us
because they need to fix their backend
systems right they need to make sure
their sales process is allowing them to
get the data they need. They need to
make sure that they're actually tracking
the right data. They have a bunch of
holes across their entire process that
they need to fix. Right. Would you say
that you're working with people
predominantly who are in a pretty good
spot? Yes. But yeah, they're just like,
"Hey, it's working, but we know that
like if we're going to grow, but we're
losing exacerbates so bad. $200,000 a
month right now." Yeah. Right. And we
know, but we have no idea where and we
have no idea how to fix it. And
everyone's so busy that they don't know
what to freaking do. Yeah. Right. Those
are our favorite clients 100%. On the
flip side of that, it would be somebody
that's,
you know, very early on their business,
but they've been very successful in the
past. Yeah. It's not the first go
around. 100%. So they just want somebody
to come in and do it [ __ ] right.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. Um so those are kind
of the two sides. The big ones are hard.
Like where they're big and like there's
just a ton of Let's put a cap on big
though because once it's too big it's
the most annoying process. Yeah. You
can't change anything. You got to I
worked with a company that does like say
five billion a year. Yeah. And like I
couldn't get anything done. Um and no
because you have to you have to get Bob
to say yeah that's actually perfect. And
then you have to say okay but Sally
wants to make sure that what you're
saying is accurate. And then you got to
go to gym and then this and that. Yeah.
I was talking to Cole the other day.
He's worked at some big companies and
he's like he was like, "Fuck, it's
frustrating, dude." You know, it takes
like six months to fire someone. Yeah.
And it's [ __ ] outrageous. But I
remember I worked for this big fintech
quarter wallet and like that, you know,
it huge company, billions of dollars,
and it was like, oh, restructure all
your [ __ ] all the AP pack stuff. And
I was like, yep, sweet. It's fine. Like
seems pretty simple. And it was like
getting anything significant was very
difficult to do. Yeah. But the one thing
that I did manage to get through that
worked really well was that we just like
their whole sales process was like
signing people up to their online
banking type thing. It's like an it's
like an online uh it's sort of like a
wise but much more comprehensive better
better base and you can do tons of
multicurrency stuff. It's great for like
infospace guys, right? Um and so uh and
so I was like, "Okay, cool." The biggest
problem they had identified was like
they sign them up and then don't use it,
right? So, I just added it at the end of
the sale, they deposited $1.
That's it. And so, it was like then
instead of it being an active account
with no money, there's an active account
with a dollar. And that prompted
everyone to start using it. Have you
heard the um Oh, I'm going to botch this
story, but I know you definitely, if you
haven't, then whoever's watching this is
going to be like, damn, that's that's
interesting. So, um Crest toothpaste
company, have you heard the story? No.
Okay. So, there was a CRO. I I don't
remember how long ago this was. Someone
told me this story and I [ __ ] Googled
it. I was like, "Damn, this is wild."
Did they put the red bit on the top? Is
that what it was? No. No. No. No. No.
Okay. So, they were trying to figure out
um you know, they needed to double
sales, right? like they were they were
unprofitable or I can't remember
whatever the initiative was. But so the
CRO goes um okay well what are all the
ways that we can you know make more
revenue, more profit, all these
different things. Um and marketing came
up with all these crazy marketing ideas.
Sales was coming up with all these crazy
sales ideas. Oh, we're going to spend,
you know, $10 million on this ad
campaign, this that whatever. And he
goes, "No, we're just going to make the
hole at the end of our tube just twice
as big." Comes out twice as fast. That's
[ __ ] beautiful, isn't it? And they
did it. And guess what happened? Double
tails. They went through it twice as
fast. And then the next thing that they
did, instead of making the brush
bristles like this big, they just double
the length. Now people have double the
amount coming out and they're doing
double the length of their toothpaste.
It's beautiful.
Yeah. You know, I like that. Like it's
it makes you think like, "Holy [ __ ]
what am I doing?" More toothpaste. Bad
for someone. What am I missing? What am
I What am I missing in my business where
it's like, "Damn, I could have just made
the freaking hole twice as big." Yeah.
And we can double sales files are in the
computer. So simple. Holy [ __ ] Yeah. I
love stuff like that, you know? I think
that's why software, like when we moved
into move into software, like there's
such interesting levers that you can
pull. Like we have a dev like timeline
and we have feature releases, stuff like
that.
Most everything is just we're just
including everything now. But there are
going to be paid extra features, right?
Of course. Yeah. Like uh real time
transcription will be paid feature. Yep.
Secure pay, which will be a secure
payment gateway. Like you just say the
things, click on and all right, I'm
ready. Yeah, exactly. That's all
encrypted. That'll be, you know, 30
bucks a month. We're working with a a
potential payment processor to white
label some stuff to have an internal
payment processing capability called
Dialer Pay. Um, interesting. So that
like it'll all sync up seamlessly. So
it's all inside of it, right? Which
which will be nice. And then we can take
a 1% clip and you know what I mean?
That's [ __ ] nice. Um, but like you
know some of the levers that you can
start to pull. Yeah. You know, and I was
like when we were first when we first
launched like our cold chargers were so
cheap. Yeah. Like we had dudes do
$50,000 and their bill was 400 bucks,
right? What's the comparison of on
closed? It's like 11 12,000. Yeah. Yeah.
Right. And I was like, "What the fuck?"
And I remember like looking at the two
comparison like, "Oh my god, we saved so
much money." I was like, "What do you
mean?" They like send me their bill. It
was like 9 or 10, whatever it was grand.
I was like,
"Huh?" Wait a second. I was like, "What
the fuck?" And so, like, I tripled the
fee. Yeah. Which means we're still
cheaper. Um, and then we like doubled it
again. Yeah. And so like but we're still
like 1/4 the price or third the price of
like most other ones because of the way
that we do the billing. Yeah. And it was
like such a small thing that we had to
change. Yep. And I was like and it added
35,000 profit month. That's that's our
whole philosophy when we go in with
sales teams. Yeah. Look what's the
what's the smallest thing where we can
get just such a crazy like also what's
the dumbest thing? Like what's the
dumbest thing that I've ever seen?
What's the dumbest thing? No. No. in
like sometimes you'll just like people
are trying to look for things and I'm
like yeah what's the stupid thing that
we could do that would really work like
what is the dumbest like sometimes
you're trying to look for smart
solutions and it's like what is the dumb
dumb way like how would a stupid lazy
person fix this problem sometimes that
angle isn't always get you the right
answer but it gets you on the right path
like if I was I would argue that those
answers are usually as long as it's the
right answer are usually the best
answers you can come up with pretty good
man like you know just like what like
it's like oh you know Like I remember
one of the more interesting ones was we
were struggling with a sales team
because when I run sales sniper like
I've run hundreds of accounts and there
was one and it was just like what if we
just asked more people for money
and everyone was like what like more
calls. I was like no I was like what if
we just made everyone ask 10 people
every day for money.
So if the book calls gave them six, they
had to just outbound until they hit
three more, four more, whatever. And
like it was like, huh? And so we just
gave everyone a pitch KPI and that was
the only KPI they ran off is pitches per
day. And the [ __ ] thing tripled. I
was going to I was going to use a
similar example and it was like setter
KPIs, but I think one of the
Do you believe in full cycle? Yeah, I
think that's the best way to do it
really. I think like to have an not your
entire team. I think you want like your
Steph Curry's just in the back shooting
threes, but then you want to have a like
I like well this is how I did it at
seventh. I had like a I had um an
element of rep. So we had a a whole
department that was a full cycle sales
rep and they were paid differently. They
were paid more, right, on a per deal
basis. They were given lead allocations.
Mh. Um, and then they had like different
KPIs and stuff like that, but it was a
great way to um, like when you have high
lead volume, you end up it ends up
mitigating some of the problems of high
lead volume and like slot utilization
because the the the the creep of the
sales manager is to constantly
disqualify leads. So, you end up with
more leads and then you just disqualify
harder. So they end up with a higher
close rate because they start optimizing
for close rate which becomes really
problematic but it's very hard to avoid
lead to close or just straight up close
rate from call completed. Sit to like
sit to close, right? Which is a real
[ __ ] problem, right? Because then
that then your lead to close goes down.
So we had a whole department and a
section of lead because we had a
different sales process for each lead
source type. Yeah. Right. And so we had
uh we had like about 30% of all the
leads would go to the full stack top to
bottom. They would do all their
outbound, all their setting, all their
closing. They would do everything
themselves.
I don't know if I like full cycle. Yeah,
I got to be super honest. Yeah, it's
fair. It's just I I the way I look at it
is like so there's a lot of companies
that we go into and they're running full
cycle and they're like, "Well, we have
a, you know, a front-end booking
problem." Like, okay, so why? Well,
because our calendars are full. Okay.
Well, then why aren't you closing more?
Well, because we're not like it's like
who's responsible for what. You know
what I mean? It's a time thing. I see. I
see the point in that for me because
like um it's totally dependent on like
what's the most efficient way to sell
that lead. Um I think I think where I
agree with you is depending on the
operator and how well it's actually
managed and dictate and the strings are
being pulled and things are people are
being held accountable makes sense.
For the vast majority of the people that
we work with, if we gave them if we gave
them a full cycle team, they would
[ __ ] they'd they'd be losing money.
Like 30 of the hundred [ __ ] dudes.
So, we had a full-time setting team.
Yeah. We had inbound inbound setters.
Yeah. Uh as well. So, we had outbound
setters and inbound setters. And then we
had inbound closers and outbound
closers. The outbound closers are the
full stack, right? But you guys were
running what? You guys were [ __ ]
about 50,000 leads a month. Okay. Yeah.
It was a lot. Yeah. much different lead
sources and and so but I thought what
was good was uh if you had to maintain a
certain level of KPI to maintain inbound
only status based on return. Yeah. Okay.
I [ __ ] love that. And so if you
didn't hit that then you went over to
the outbound closers. Yeah. And then it
was a good way for new people because
what I find with sales is that people
need like if you put them in a high
pressure environment early it can create
some problems. And so most people like
HubSpot released a study where it's
around 90 days for reps to figure out an
offer, right? They kind of, right? And
so um if I can give someone an
opportunity to make mistakes in a low
cost low cost environment, then I will
that person's able to make the mistakes.
But if I'm if I'm like if it's $200 a
book call, right? And or let's just you
know $200 a book call and and and you
close one in 10, right? Cuz you're new
to it. Yeah. And it's a 5k offer and you
want me to give you 10% I tell you to go
[ __ ] yourself, right? Like because like
it's cost me uh $2,000 in ad spend just
to get them on. Well, and then also if
the average closer, just average, not
even your best closer is closing at 30%
compared to 10%. You just lost $10,000
in Yeah. deals. And so I I want to
incubate them. Yeah. You know, and I I
can get leads for I can get a phone
number for three [ __ ] bucks. Like,
right. So, we just have high volume, low
cost uh or like, you know, also like the
people who don't go through all the
steps of the funnel, right? They they
they go into like an outbound closer
role, which means that we're not eating
up resources on the on the setters.
Yeah. To like have to feed people who
are like less than good. But it also
gives a setter an opportunity to if they
want to make the transition. Well,
you're already doing outbound. So now
move in over here. You do your own
outbound, your own closing. If that
doesn't work out and we start them off
on weekends only. Smart. Yeah. Right.
Well, I say we I I did back then. I
don't know how it works now over there,
but um like that's how that's how it was
done. And so it created like a good
environment for people to be able to
figure it out because what I saw was
very few people make an effective
transition from set to closure. But it's
always kind of pitched as that and it's
inevitability that they want to do that.
Dude, we were
This is when I was running my own teams.
Um, which I haven't done for a while,
but it's translated well to how we've
taught other people to do it. So, when a
setter when we were hiring, we were
heading basically just for setters. So,
we were just bringing in setters. They'd
have three milestones. So, let's say,
you know, I don't know 300,000 600,000 a
million, right? in terms of revenue
generated by them setting or whatever it
is, right? Depending on the company,
when they would hit their third
milestone, basically what we would do is
we'd give them basically an assessment,
right? That assessment would basically
be, all right, so we need you to find
your 10 best outbound sets that you've
literally ever done out of your last
year with us or whatever the case may
be, right? They'd pull that out. We need
you to write your own script, which they
would end up writing their own script,
right? What are the things that you do
differently or train? So, we'd give them
all these different questions and things
that they would fill out. Once they do
that, they'd go into setting for
themselves, right? And then the new
people that were coming on would also
set for that individual. So, now we're
filling this person up with their own
sets, but after they've hit certain
milestones. So, we're giving them
targets to shoot for. So, they go,
"Matt, when do I get to go to closer?"
It's like, "Sorry buddy, you haven't hit
your third milestone yet." Yeah. That
Yeah. So, when they would go because I
would just scream at them, no. Oh, yeah.
Of course. Right. No. No. Bad. Never get
back on the phones. You're either bad or
really good. Either way, you're not
going anywhere. I don't even know you
yet. Yeah. But so basically what because
this when I was um the first team I had
ever ran, which I mentioned earlier in
this, you know, call um or talk,
whatever we're doing right now, you
know. Um I had all these people coming
on and they were all asking me when do I
become a closer, when do I do this, when
do I do that? And I was also I had
created the training and it was the same
for like six months. Yeah. Yeah. I was
like, "Fuck, I have to figure out a way
to get like this updated because I don't
have time to do it." So, every single
time people got hit and they moved up to
being a closer, they had an assessment
and they would have to bring all of
their best [ __ ] best call recordings,
write their own script, do all these
things, and they'd have to do x amount
of deals closed before they actually got
put into the closing set. So it allowed
us to bring people in, give them a
target to shoot for. Once they hit that
shot, you know, that target, they had to
do something which was XYZ, get at your
calls, scripting, etc. And then they had
X amount of time to set and close at a
certain rate, right? And then they could
go to closing. And obviously with that,
that allows us to create a ladder for
them to climb. So everybody's coming up
that same ladder. and all of the
training material. I look back six
months later, none of it's mine anymore.
It's from all of my best reps that have
ever been promoted. Yeah, I think it's
beautiful. So, I I had to figure out all
these little ways to leverage what I was
doing because I just didn't have the
time to do stuff. Um, and what I
realized is
for us, the setter closer model allowed
us for that
this and when they went into full cycle,
um, we couldn't do that in a way, right,
for what we were doing. Also, like
you're you're not efficiently using your
best people. Like you're having like
your like your Steph Curryries are like,
you know, they're throwing the ball in,
they're not taking the shot. Yeah. So,
which is Yeah. So, I totally I totally
understand. I think like I don't I think
like for like for some environments I
think it's really good, but I think like
I think there is no correct answer into
anything. No, there's not. And so, it's
just like what is working at the time?
And I always encourage people to like
be, you know, have a series of if this
then thats, right? So, you know, try and
because you know there's a cycle to
everything. You know, there's a there's
a marketing cycle and there are going to
be like I always think how do you create
an environment where your best people
are as full of the best possible leads
available and but also they're as full
as can be because I'd rather have more
opportunity, right? And so it's always
like a moving shifting goalpost, you
know, and so it's like there might be
one month where close rates down, close
rates are up, but it's like close rate
is like a lagging indicator based on
marketing factors. And it's like if I've
got 10,000 leads, right, versus 50,000
leads, like my decision-m metrics are
going to be different because if 10,000
cannot feed all of my reps, right, or
a,000 can't feed all the reps, then I'm
going to let everyone through that
month. So what I want to do is I want to
have like knobs. I want to have knobs to
to to turn in real time and like some of
the like I like to have intentional
friction points within sales processes.
Um you know or like for example like
it's like a dam you can open it up or
you can close it down you know. So
whether that's application questions
that have two to three different types
of wording that we will then reinsert
different questions. So, like we would
have, you know, like I remember I was on
I was running an account once that was
spending like it was spending something
egregious like 30,000 a day, right?
40,000 a day in ads. And we were getting
so many leads and we had 42 reps inbound
full-time stack back to back and it was
just like we were just changing the
questions three times a day, right?
Because like certain questions would
like increase the quality and lower the
quantity, right? You know what I mean?
And we were just just constantly kind of
like releving it all the time 100%. And
then like one of the things like with
companies that run VSSLs
um is like changing when the pop-up
comes for the like throughout the video
duration or whatever. Yeah. And then
just like you know even even things like
uh constantly re-editing the VSSL for
the like to [ __ ] with the duration, you
know what I mean? Of like buyers. So we
would put in like uh audio [ __ ]
glitches. We'd put in Yeah. like visual
glitches. And then if you have the
pop-up come in early, you're going to
have more volume but less quality. So
then if your sales team is like we have
like a, you know, slot utilization rate,
right? If you're if you're utilizing say
80% of your slots, then [ __ ] like
make it at the 8minute mark. That is
probably one of the biggest most
overlooked things every sales team
doesn't even know that they're missing
out on. Yeah. as you were saying. I
mean, the the on the front end setting
side, like one thing that we always try
and look for is um in between dial time.
So, you take the highest basically like
activity time of your setting team,
right? Or individuals and you figure out
how long it's taking them from dial to
dial to dial, right? And because a lot
of people be like, "Yeah, my setters are
completely at capacity." It's like, "Are
they really though?" Yeah. Yeah. How
long are they spending on to your point
like administrative stuff or how long
are they spending on um you know uh in
between dials? Uh are we prioritizing
leads for them? So they're doing 10,000
dials in a month, but they're just
reaching into a [ __ ] giant trash can
and just trying to pull up whatever they
can. So transition all of the best leads
to the top of the list and their
connection rate goes up by blah blah
blah and now they're only talking to
people that are active. What's your
utilization now? It's like, oh, it's
[ __ ] actually like 50%. It's like,
great. So, you would have hired five
more people. And we we find that when
larger teams come on to do, they'll fire
30%. I mean, I I would I makes sense.
Yeah, makes sense. We had we had a like
we had a team. It's kind of annoying
because like, you know, hey, they're
going to bring on 30 and then we're like
only budget for 20. Like, they're not
going to have 30 [ __ ] people on here
because I can see their lead flow and I
can see how many dollars they're doing.
Oh, man. They're cranking $100 a day.
Like, [ __ ] me, man. It's like a
part-time job, you know what I mean?
100%. But it's really interesting and so
um but yeah, but mate, I think uh we we
waffled on a bit. Um but yeah, a bit,
right? Tell tell them where the people
can go uh can go find you. Uh I would
say salesmanum.io.
Um you can find me on YouTube. Yeah,
starting to do some stuff on YouTube.
Beautiful. Um and then yeah, Instagram.
We'll we'll put the channel description
down below and they'll just put a video
still on for this part 100%. Sounds
good, dude. But um yeah, go check out
Aaron. He knows his [ __ ] and uh we're
going to do some cool stuff. All right,
guys. Bye. Hey.
