Everyone thinks that cold calling and
outbound dialing is all about your
opener or like what you say when to
call, but it's not. Okay, there's
something that nobody talks about, the
one key factor that will ultimately
dictate the success of your outbelling
and cold calling, and that's if somebody
actually picks up the phone. So today,
what I'm going to do in this video is
I'm going to break down exactly why or
why not those people are picking up or
not picking up, how you can tell, what
you can do, and the exact steps that you
can take as someone who is calling
leads, whether it be opt-in or cold, to
actually get people to pick up the
phone. So why do people not pick up the
phone? One, there's a number of reasons.
Okay, the first can be that uh some
people, a percentage of them never pick
up unknown numbers. Okay, so there's
things that you can do like getting
1-800 numbers and branded cooler IDs and
rotating through them. And so that gives
you an opportunity to speak to more
people, but also there's like time of
day. So peak times of day are 9 to 11, 1
to 3, and then uh 6 to 8. Okay, those
are the peak pickup times. And then
there's a number of other different just
overall lead factors that you have to
take into account. The biggest killer in
cold calling is your call never reaching
a human. So carriers like AT&T,
T-Mobile, they're using machine learning
and they're using businesses like Haya,
TNS, First Orion, stuff like that to
decide if your call looks spammy. They
will then mark your number and they will
either deliver it with a spam flag or
not deliver it. Okay? I don't think you
guys realize, but you can be calling
people and it's ringing for you and not
for them. That happens a lot of the
time. But I don't care how good you are
at outbound or cold calling. If you
can't get people to pick up the phone,
you're not going to have much success.
So, here are the things that you might
be doing that you should not be doing.
One, when a number is flagged, you bin
it straight away. Get a new one. That's
a stupid way of doing it. And I'm going
to explain why. Two, multi-line or like
progressive dialing. Those really
aggressive. If you're cold calling, you
can't even do any any auto dialing
conventions at all. They're all against
the law to do anything, even power
dialing. Okay? You have to initiate dial
yourself. Leaving short voicemails,
okay, is going to be really detrimental
to you. Um, using your personal phone is
just kind of a bad idea. Also, once you
get your personal phone spam flagged,
it's an absolute [ __ ] nightmare. And
then you've got like double and triple
dialing. These are really, really bad
conventions. So, first, when a number is
flagged, bin it. Okay, that's a terrible
way of doing it. What they're looking
for is overall number behavior, but also
they're looking for the history of that
number. If your number has no history
because it's always like a new number
that hasn't been used much and then all
of a sudden just gets used straight
away, they're going to flag it anyway.
If you're using a VoIP system, which you
probably are, which is anything on a
computer, that number is pre-fl. And
then through good behavior and not being
a [ __ ] you're going to get it
deflged, but a lot of that is because
you're using the number regularly. And
then the people that do pick up, you
actually speak to, etc., etc. And so you
need a number history. You will never
get a new number. That's not going to
happen. Okay? They're just going to be
recycled numbers. People are like, "I
want a new number." Uh, no. You don't
have the money to get a new number.
Trust me. So, when a number is flagged,
it can be unfl flagged. It's not a
forever. But if you stop using that
number, it is flagged forever until then
like somebody that it starts being used
the right way. The next thing is using
like really aggressive dialing
strategies like multi-line progressive
power. These uh do a tremendous
disservice to most people. one because
they're usually not allowed to do it uh
given the type of marketing that they
do. Uh cold calling is not allowed to
use any of these conventions. Cold
calling has to be like a human initiated
dial. Those are the rules. But also like
pattern recognition, high volume, lack
of rotation, if you're not tracking
abandon rates, stuff like that. These
are all things that will dramatically
decrease the overall health of the
number to the point where it will lower
you to a status of where it won't even
go through and then you're just hitting
straight to voicemail. Which is why
people go from single line dialing to
power dialing to multi-dialing to
progressive dialing to 10 line dialing
and it just gets worse and worse and
worse and worse. And in reality, it's
just because like it's that that level
of aggression and is what is causing the
need to go to the next level.
And dialers love that because the most
profitable thing you can do is multiland
dial and have no one pick up the [ __ ]
phone. That is their bread and butter.
The next thing is leaving short
voicemails. So, one of the things that's
tracked when it comes to spam flagging
and addestation scores is is the history
of that number, but it's the average
conversation length. If it's really
short, okay, uh it's going to kill the
number because they're assuming that
people are picking up and hanging up on
you, right? or if you that's why
multi-line dialing can be so bad because
you might be if you're doing 10 lines at
once, you might be hanging up on
somebody every single time, right? And
so that's a short conversation. So if
you're going to leave a voicemail,
script out a 1 minute long voicemail,
okay? And that that way it's not going
to affect you. Okay? Using your personal
phone, using your personal phone is
usually illegal because the number has
to be provisioned for your business. So
if it's not a business number or
whatever, but also like it's just bad
practice. I I think in general it's not
really um like it it can be done. It can
be effective especially like if it's
your your business with your phone yada
yada yada. You can overdo it and your
phone although it has higher thresholds
of things it's it's it's going to end up
blurring the line between business and
personal but also like it's very
difficult to record things and stuff
like that and so and technically every
single call that you do as a business
must be recorded. So using a personal
phone is is not great and once you get
your personal phone spam flagged it's an
absolute [ __ ] [ __ ] show. Then we've
got double and triple dialing. Double
and triple dialing are super prevalent
to break through things like iPhone
focus time, stuff like that. Now, the
reason why this is really bad is one
because those things are what's called a
consumer protection. So, if you put your
phone on do not disturb, and I actually
had this happen once. I put my phone on
do not disturb and I was speaking at an
event about this exact subject and
somebody triple dialed me and I picked
up and I said, "What the [ __ ] do you
want?" Right? And the only reason why I
picked up is because I I thought it
might be a sales rep and it was really
good timing. But like also, you don't
know. It could be an actual emergency.
And do you really want the initial
interaction with a potential customer to
be that they think that you're an
emergency and just going to be pissed
off? How many people have you triple
dialed that picked up were not pissed
off at you? I mean like would you be
happy with it? No. Exactly. Also, triple
dialing is an expressly and double
dialing. They are expressly forbalden in
the TCPA because you are trying to
intentionally bypass a consumer
protection. These are not helpful things
to do and they they ultimately destroy
the ability for that phone number to go
through because every single time you do
that, it's all logged and tracked. Now,
what actually works? That's all the nos.
What actually works? Single line human
initiated dialing. Okay. Bing bing bing.
And this is for outbound and also co
calling as well. The way that dialer
does it is we do like a lead pop and
stuff like that. That you can still do a
very large number of calls. We got
people doing hundreds and hundreds of
dollars a day. You want to keep each
number to like under 50 to 75 dials per
day. Okay. Again, dialer automatically
rotates through that. Whatever you need
to do, whether it's a stop, drop, and
then rotate, whatever. But if you're
using like one number per rep and
they're doing like fulltime outbound,
you're going to scorched earth those
numbers almost immediately. you need to
have a few because you know you want to
build up that numbers those numbers
reputation over time and then if
someone's got three or four numbers
attached to them then maybe what you do
is you then add a new number and then
take two of those numbers and give them
to one of the newbies right so you've
always got a nice healthy farm of
numbers that are being used to be spam
flagged on some and not others going to
be periodic you don't just stop using
them okay because people can call those
numbers back okay the way that dialer
does it is it it monitors all the spam
flag statuses We do remediation as well,
which is something I'll talk about, but
remediation can be very difficult to get
for certain types of businesses, but we
actually change the way that numbers are
dialed, but we never stop using them.
Make sure that you're on a system that
has a level at astation scoring. Okay?
If you're on a really shitty dialer or
you're using like a a local presence
poolled number system, you're kind of
[ __ ] to begin with because those
destroy the quality of the phone number
because legally the the outward number
has to match, the outgoing and the
caller ID have to match. So as soon as
you use one of those pulled systems that
automatically stops. So like that just
destroys the deliverability of that
doing the right thing, not overdialing
people, not double dialing people, not
triple dialing people. You're using like
single human initiated dialing. You're
keeping each number to below 50 to 75
calls per day. You're rotating through
your numbers intentionally, right?
You're hitting people up at the right
times. You're not going at like 9:10
p.m. at night, okay? Outside of TCPA.
and you use a monitoring service to
monitor the health of your numbers like
number verifier or something like that.
The real thing is that like you need to
speak to people in order to close them
and a lot of the systems these days do
not allow you to do that because they're
built on cheap infrastructure. Like
Twilio is a fantastic infrastructure for
texting and doing development work, but
it's not great for high volume calling.
And I don't believe it was meant for
that in the beginning. And there's a lot
of reasons for that, but it gets super
congested and because it is so developer
friendly. There's so many dialers on it
that most dialers are built on Twilio
infrastructure, which is why it gets so
congested. And like there a lot of the
dialers, which are the signers for the
call, have not developed their own
infrastructure comprehensively enough to
send enough information through to get
you level A at a station scoring, which
then lowers your overall deliverability.
So the thing is like be on a really good
dialer. Spend the extra money. Spend the
extra 30 $40 $50 $100 a month or
whatever it is to get a higher level
dialer. And if it's not dialer, maybe
it's something else like a phone burner
or something like that, right? Which is
a decent product so that you can
actually have a chance of people
connecting, you know, because you're
spending money on lead just doing this
stuff. It's like why why cheap out and
why do something that is going to ruin
your opportunities hands down and you
won't even know it. However, I hope this
was helpful and I hope this helps you
get through to more people so you can
stop breaking the law and start having
people pick up the
