I have a new house. I have probably a
different car. Uh I've changed a lot of
things in my life. I've got new
businesses. This is an update the last
12 months of my life. So, in a new
house, we bought a new house.
[music]
[music]
It's a pretty decent size. We're
completely gutting the entire upstairs
cuz it's kind of a shitty 1960s
renovation. We were like,
>> "Why'd you move house, man?"
>> Well, one thing, we were in the most
expensive area in all of Sydney, like
the Beverly Hills called Double Bay, and
we didn't use any of the facilities in
the area. Like, we sort of never really
hung out there and we were paying a
crazy premium, $44,000 a month in
mortgage and 9. And then, you know, the
housing market went up and I got door
knocked like 45,000 times. And then we
were like, okay, I think this could be a
good opportunity to sell. We'll make
some money. In Australia, there's no
taxation when you sell your primary
residence. And so, we started having a
look. We found this place which was
literally half the price and 10 minutes
drive away and it's bigger. Big old pool
in the back and the kids absolutely
loved it and so
>> we bought it
>> and we're renovating it and life is
good. We're actually in a hotel at the
moment for the next couple months until
the renovations are done. But we've been
in the backyard using stuff and the
renovations start in a couple days. It's
beautiful house. It's really nice and
the upstairs is going to be fully
renovated and the kids are going to love
it which is the main goal. Yeah. And it
was an aim to, you know, reduce cost,
simplify my life because I don't want to
have to work. And now that we've sort of
made the money from that house and plus
all the other money that I make and I
can pretty much stop working if I want
to, which is fun. Not like stop
entirely, but like pretty pretty close.
I could sort of ramp down nearly
everything and work a few hours a day
and I probably more than fine. Just
focus more time on family. I think I
spent all of 2020, 21, 22, 23, 20, and
24 kind of really focused on money. I
don't think it really benefited me to do
that. I met some people who I'm pretty
convinced are uh demonically possessed,
but you know, I'll go into that in a
minute. You know, after doing some
really, I guess, in-depth reflecting, I
kind of realized that I didn't really
give too much of a [ __ ] about money and
all that kind of stuff. And so, I was
like, well, what if we just like
simplified our life? Um, obviously, it's
still a very nice place. I mean, I paid
nearly $5 million for this, but still a
lot cheaper than 9.5 I sold my house
for. Being able to say no to things is a
tremendously beneficial place to be in
in business and I'm in a position to
where I can say no to everything. Uh
which is fun. I have dialer which is
going great and like that's a really fun
project which is going really well. We
partner with Cole Gordon. I love all
that stuff and and that's going to keep
ticking and keep doing its thing and
hopefully we sell it for a bunch of
money one day. But like you know the
goal is not to take much money from it,
right? So I mean like an income
producing stream. It's more of like a
exit type deal and just provide a good
quality product. But you know the focus
and the season is is really focused more
on family, kids, faith, stuff like that.
Come back to faith which has been a long
time which has been really nice for
myself, my family, my wife especially.
And you know I think going through that
journey over the last year. Taylor
watches podcast was super helpful and a
guy called Ed Stranks and then you know
did a lot of research found a local
church that I thought was really good.
Not too much sort of pomp and
circumstance but more focused on the I
guess the uh the relationship with Jesus
and all that kind of good stuff. And so,
uh, we've been really happy there. And
the family is like super strong, you
know, and I think that a lot of that was
a culmination of going through some of
the difficult times. When I say
difficult, like I'm not really talking
about like financial heartache type
stuff. What I'm talking about more is
like, you know, betrayal and just all
that kind of [ __ ] that it happens in
life. There were some very difficult
times uh like post leaving seventh
level, for example. Um, some people did
some really shitty things, but hey, you
know,
>> turn the other cheek and whatnot,
>> you know, after after leaving Seventh
Level, like everything was pretty up in
the air. Managed to sort of do some
stuff and I'm I'm pretty grateful for
that because like I think like that
environment that I was in in that whole
kind of, you know, infosace,
you know, douchebaggery and the whole
sort of like how much money do you make
versus how much money do I make type
situation I think is super toxic. I
always found it kind of dumb, but it is
one of those things like it's kind of uh
it's hard to not be involved in it when
you are in the space and like prominent,
you know what I mean? I could feel
myself becoming a worse person, being
sucked in, you know, spending less time
with family, spending more time with
people I didn't really like, you know,
all the sort of status and all that kind
of [ __ ] that goes along with
ClickFunnels awards and nothing against
them in particular, but you know, just
all that [ __ ] And I was just like, man,
like this is all really based on like
the value that you bring is based on the
amount of money that you have. And I
just felt like that was always a really
shitty toxic thing. But again, it's very
difficult to not like get into that mode
and have it start to seep in over the
course of years. And I think that from
like 2020 to 2024, I made significant
amounts of money and was in a much
better position. But I don't think I was
happier. If anything, I was probably
less happy. I think I was probably a
worse husband and a worse father. And
so, you know, when I had this sort of
thought in my head of like, I need to
leave, I told my wife and she was just
like, "Yep, do it." And really didn't
have a plan, but I'm pretty confident
like I'm I'm sort of a true
entrepreneur, so I'm pretty confident in
my ability to do stuff. But, you know,
it was it was pretty sudden. She was a
bit surprised. And you know that all the
all the things that led up to that plus
some of the subsequent things that
happened afterwards which I think were
totally unnecessary and kind of weird.
Uh but I think led me down a pathway to
where I rejected a lot of that stuff and
that allowed me to come back not only to
Jesus but also to like being a good dad,
being a good husband again. I think it
took me like a good year. I think it
took me all of 2024 and some of 2025 to
sort of decompress
>> and become not a [ __ ] [ __ ] anymore
like [ __ ]
>> I was like had to be the sort of bad guy
when I was running sales cyper in
seventh level because like the people
around me were not really capable of
having like difficult conversations. So
like I was the constant difficult
conversations guy. And so like you know
after a while being asked to like
reprimand people's like kids and um you
know being asked to fire people's
girlfriends and [ __ ] and like just
having every single difficult
conversation. It ended up making me I
think a very uh hardened heart let's put
it that way but also quite quite callous
and but my sort of nature is is quite
like a Labrador I suppose you know. Um
and so there was that real sort of
internal justosition I think that I that
I found that was not only making me
unhappy but I think making my family
unhappy. And so after that year and a
bit of decompression I can feel like you
know I think selling that house which
was sort of you know uh proceeds of that
life as an example was was a really good
sort of cathartic thing to go
>> okay I'm getting the [ __ ] out of this
>> whole thing and uh getting out of that
trap. And so that was really positive.
Um, the kids are super excited about it
and because they get a big pool and
they've been in it literally every
single day since we bought the house.
So, it'll be like another 2 months
before we're actually in here properly.
But, you know, interior designers and
everyone's coming in renovating, putting
new stairs in and [ __ ] But, yeah, it's
been an extremely positive uh change for
me personally. Um, you know, and it's
been an extremely positive change for my
family. [music] You know, I've it's been
a crazy year. I've done tons of travel,
but they've all been nice and short and
they've been with cool people. Um, and
it's all been for dialer and stuff like
that and forged a partnership with Cole
and uh my business relationship with my
business partner Declan is really really
solid. Neither of us really give a [ __ ]
about money. Um, and we're not totally
taking any from the business. So that's
a really positive and I guess um sort of
unique relationship because both of us
are from the army but also he's done a
ton of stuff in business probably more
than me and and so he's got a little bit
more perspective on certain things that
I do which is great but also the fact
that we're both product focused and
we're not really super concerned about
the money side of things in terms of
like taking money out is a breath of
fresh air because in previous businesses
I've had to very much try and fund
lifestyles which which wasn't great and
it was quite difficult to manage. And so
that is the uh the life update. If
you're new to watching me, I doubt you
watch this or you got this far. You've
been watching me for a while. Maybe you
did. Maybe you give a [ __ ] Maybe you
don't. Let me know down below if you
want more of these types of videos of me
just kind of uh talking [ __ ] But yeah,
that's what I've been
