Hey guys. So Matt here and this is going to be a real quick video on the trial close. I've sort of already gone into it basically in like one of the previous videos on the presentation phase, but just kind of want to break down what a trial close is. So a trial close is where you get like the in theory or in principle yes on like the on the structures and principles of the program without actually getting them to agree to doing the program.
It's an important step and it's the reason why like you don't go straight for a close. You don't say, "Hey, so that's how it works. Do you want to do the program, right? Because then it's a very yes or no scenario." So, what you want to do is take them through that and you go like, "Okay, does that make sense? Do those structures make sense? If so, why?" So, you want to get them you want to get like an agreement on on on each different part of the presentation.
Why that's going to work for them. what specifically do they think is going to work? Why they think the overall structure works as a plan to help them move forward and that like doing it now is a good idea, right? So you're getting all the imprincipal stuff. Then at the end after you've gotten all that and they said yes like four or five times to doing it and why it's important, why they want to do it specifically, what's going to work for them, it's sort of like it's it's a very difficult like mental conundrum to get out of saying
yes to doing the program when you just spent three or four minutes talking about why the program will work, why it will benefit you, why you want to do it, right? And so that's where like those tactful interruptions like as soon as you say like okay like does that does that make sense? Do you feel like that can get you to where you want to go? And they say yes.
You immediately interrupt and you go okay but why? Right? Like don't let them finish that sentence because it could be yes but it's too expensive. They just go yes. Okay. Like but why do you why do you think that though? All right. So that that's what's going to it's going to stop objections. It's going to get them to dig in and it's going to like remind them of all the reasons why they have to do it.
So trial closes are super important. You're getting an inprincipal yes on like the on on like the overall program, but not actually getting them to do it. Then once they say yes to all those things, it's okay, how would you like to proceed from here? And most of the time it's a yes.
