Hey, Chirag, if you want a close rate that can withstand droughts, like you like can't close a thing or storms that could be happening in your life, you'll want to understand this one concept. Because I've been through periods when I'm just flying and other periods for like about 2-3 weeks when I couldn't close a thing, but I understood this one concept that made the world of difference.
The concept is this. You want to understand the difference between static and dynamic. The thing about close rate is it's dynamic. What that means is even if you have the knowledge, it can fluctuate based on your mood, your life circumstances, your relationship, etc. Right? What tends to happen with the mistake I was making was I would turn up or just watch recordings back of training, take a load of notes, and I would be applying it, but I was staying in the world of static, which is knowledge.
The thing about knowledge is it's static in the sense that okay, yes, you can grow it, but it's not like you wake up one day and it's gone. Which is different with like your mood, your life circumstances, etc. Where am I going with this? Because close rate's dynamic, what you want to make sure, like I said, if you want to have a if you want to have some longevity and less stress in your life, is you want to have a dynamic solution.
What that means very simply and practically is you want somebody experienced with to give you feedback. What I've noticed even in my sessions so far is even if people have turned up, they've not turned up with a quite really well thought out question based on the data of what's going on. So, if you want to make the most of the training here, whether it's my session or anybody's session, come with your data written out in a Google Doc, not on a dashboard where it's complicated to see, but in a Google Doc, share your screen,
and write the questions out. Because that's exactly what I do with my mentors, and there's a reason why income just keeps growing. It's because I'm applying a dynamic solution to a dynamic situation or problem, whatever you want to call it. Right? If you want that type of help, I mean, there's a reason nearly everyone's getting results with what I'm doing, come along to the session on Wednesday, and that's what I love to do, it's what I enjoy doing the most.
We'll get down your specific context, and then we'll see where we can zero in on your growth. In the meantime, take care, and hopefully we see you on Wednesday. Take care.
