Over the next 12 to 14 minutes, I'm
going to be teaching you all the
tonality cues that make even the most
sort of difficult and ridiculous
prospects into little Labrador puppies.
Okay? I wasted years trying to figure
out how to say the right thing when
someone says this and you say this,
someone says that, and you say that,
right? When in reality, as we've all
been told by our partners and our moms
and our parents, sometimes it's not what
you say, but it's how you say it. And it
wasn't until I kind of figured out how
to use these different tonal cues and
how to actually implement them into my
sales that I was able to go from a
struggling sales rep into a seven figure
earning sales rep and then obviously uh
growing multiple 8 figureure businesses.
And if you're the type of person that
wants not just information but the
implementation of that, then you need
the right price. And uh we're going to
be going over that today. So let's dive
right into the concepts. So the key
concepts when it comes to tonality and
what tonality actually is and does is
that it is the way in which you carry
your voice okay the way that you project
your voice um in order to convey the
emotion in which the prospect should
feel. If you picture um an actor, okay,
um they are going to use their voice to
make you feel a certain way. Which is
why even though movies are fake, we
still cry, we laugh, we do all those
kind of things, okay? Because the
tonality and the body language and that
actor does a good job of clearly
conveying the fact that we the audience
are supposed to feel a certain way.
Which is why when someone breaks
character or does something weird,
right, it sort of breaks the veil and
all of a sudden it's not as good
anymore. So, as a salesperson, I don't
need you to be a character, but I need
you to understand that you have to act
in a very human way the entire time.
Otherwise, there's going to be issues
and they're not going to be able to
they're not going to trust you and it's
going to be kind of an X- factor. So,
the key ones are curiosity, certainty,
skepticism, playfulness, empathy,
urgency, and authority. All right, we're
going to be breaking those down one by
one. First of all, we're going to go
with curiosity. So, we're going to talk
about the what, but also the why. So,
curiosity is to sort of draw people out.
And it's really good to be very curious
and to be leaned in and uh seeming like
you and actually caring about what the
person is saying. Curiosity is generally
a higher tone. Okay? So what I'll do is
I'll say like, "Hey, how are you?" Okay?
So, "Hey, how are you?" is a question,
right? And you can be, "Hey, how are
you?" Right? It's sort of flippant. You
don't really care. Hey, how are you?
Right? And that's like it's higher and
there's there's more dynamics in the
range. So, hey, how are you? Hey, how
are you? Okay? Okay? And you can do lots
of different intonations there, but
generally speaking, a curiosity is going
to be a little bit quicker and a little
bit higher. And what that's designed to
do is designed to make you seem
interested and engaged. Okay? Because if
you're curious, you are interested and
you are engaged. Whereas, if you're
skeptical, you're curious with a with a
bent to it. Okay? If that makes sense.
So, curiosity is key, especially at the
beginning of a call to draw out more
information. And when someone is giving
you and telling you things about their
personal wants and needs, if you do not
uh convey genuine curiosity by leaning
in, by going, "Oh, okay." Like when
someone's saying about their goals, I
go, "Oh, okay. Uh-huh. Oh, really? Okay.
Oh, that's cool, man." Instead of, "Oh,
that's cool, man. Oh, that's cool, man."
So that raise and inflection, it allows
someone to know that, "Hey, I'm engaged.
I'm listening. I'm here for it. What
you're telling me I think is
interesting, fun, and cool." Okay? So,
it's not like you're like the wacky arm
waving. like you're not some sort of
weird sales like crazy person, but you
are engaging. Okay, curiosity is
essential and you do it every single day
and it's very very easy to implement
just to give yourself a little cue.
Okay, a little bit higher. Hey, how are
you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you?
Okay, that's much more concerned, for
example. Okay, then we've got certainty.
Certainty is very important to have as a
throughine throughout your entire sales
process because if you're not certain
about something and you don't know what
it is you're doing, then people don't
want to buy from you, right? Have you
ever like handed your money over and
someone's like that like that'll be for
$14? You're like, "Oh, I don't want to I
don't want to give you $14 for some
reason. I hate your face and I think
you're a scammer." Right? So certainty
and the way I'm talking now, I'm talking
with a high level of certainty. And so
I'm forthright. It's a a very assured
version. And it is your normal voice
projected from your chest. Okay? If I go
from my throat, it goes higher. If I go
from my stomach, it goes like lower.
Okay? It's from my chest. Okay? It's a
you know, your your certainty can
diminish based on your like body
position. If someone's lying down when
you call them, like you know, you can
hear it. No one has a high level of
certainty lying down. Just an odd like
hello, right? You know, like you're half
asleep. Okay? So, project certainty as
your default throughout the entire
thing, right? And then you're going to
use these other tonalities to come up
and down. But a person has to feel like
you are confident and you know what
you're talking about. People who have
high levels of certainty do not waffle.
They do not justify, hey, so what I'm
hearing you say is that you might be
looking for X and Y and Z. Just like,
oh, so you're looking for X and Y and Z.
Okay. So, uh, you you don't justify your
questions. You have a higher level of
certainty. Okay, so that's number two.
Hey guys, what's up? Matt here. And I've
noticed that a lot of you are not
subscribed. So, what I want you to do is
like go over and hit the little
subscription. Uh, it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do, and you're like,
"Hey, how can I get similar content but
pay for it?" Then I have a membership.
You can go over and join that at any
stage that you want. It's like $49 a
month up to about $200 a month. We do
like live Q&As. We have a coaching call
nearly every single day. And there's
like well over 100 videos and I upload
like sort of private trainings and stuff
that I do all the time. So if you want
to check that out, go for it. Uh you
know, sign up through YouTube, cancel
anytime, all that kind of good stuff.
And anyway, back to the video. Bye.
Number three is skepticism. Okay, so
skepticism is like you're you're kind of
like uh you're you're questioning,
right, what they're saying, but there's
it's a curious questioning. If you go
overly skeptical, then it makes it feel
like you're uh questioning in like a
negative way. It's like I don't mind
being asked questions, but being
questioned, right? You know what I mean?
And so, you have to have a curious
skepticism. When you say that, like, do
you mean this? Sorry, I'm just I'm just
a bit confused. Okay? So, it's like
confused curiosity, right? That's the
way that you want to do it. It's a it's
a it's a gentler way of challenging
somebody. Okay. Um, but it's important
because if you're that confused,
curious, okay, it's like, I'm I'm sorry
you said this, like what like what did
you mean? Okay, and what that's going to
do is it's going to allow that
conversation to move forward and probe.
And so when you hear things that are
clear issues within your sales call,
okay, you have to be able to uh interact
with those things and push back on those
things, but do it in a way where like
lock that down, close the door, and then
move forward. Okay. Uh the next one is
playfulness. Playfulness I I I think is
uh very very underrated. So I would say
my sales style in general on sales calls
is playful certainty, right? And you're
going to find like a all of these are
going to be used throughout it. Like I'm
quite curious especially in playful at
the top. Then from there I'm very
certain and then I'll go through
different levels of skepticism, empathy,
right? I'll build urgency, stuff like
that. And then I'm I'm going to have
like a lot of authority in in in sort of
like what I'm doing. But I would say
playful is a good way to describe the
way that I sell. Now, that's because
like I I'm a funny person. Like I have a
pretty decent wit about myself, but I do
say so myself. The reason for that is I
went to a lot of different schools,
right? And so not everyone's going to
have that. And so if that's not you
naturally, then you don't want to try
and fake it too much, right? Because
faking a tonality is really difficult.
But playful, it's just designed to break
tension and it's usually going to be
higher pitched, shorter periods. Like,
oh, really? Okay, that makes sense. It's
like, oh, really? You know, and you're
it's like using that or being a little
bit self-deprecating is really, really
valuable to break tension, break
through, and actually be able to have a
really good genuine conversation with
the prospect because there are so many
times where just a little bit of humor,
a little bit of playfulness, right? and
breaking that just breaking the whole in
your head I have to sound like a sales
rep and just having genuine
conversations and being able to like
when someone says something silly just
kind of call it out and be like what
what do you mean sorry what's going on
there right and it's again that was
playful so it's the difference between
making fun of someone and like you know
having a a nice fun gest with somebody
and like trying to hurt their feelings
so it's like if you're making fun of a
friend you know like you're you're being
playful with it. You're not intending to
hurt them. You're just being playful,
right? But if you are like if you don't
like the person and you want to hurt
their feelings, you can say the exact
same words and there'll be far more
venom behind it and it's going to come
off in a much more condescending way. So
playfulness and condescending are very,
very similar. And if you find that
you're someone who tries to be playful
and at jokes and it just doesn't land,
it's because you come off as
condescending. Okay, number five,
empathy. So, this is one that a lot of
guys especially struggle with. Um, the
easiest way to probably uh fake
empathetic, sometimes it's difficult to
come across that way, but the easiest
way to let someone know that you're
being empathetic is to listen be and be
quiet and listen to what they're saying
and ask them questions about it and just
be a softer tone. Okay? Okay. Like when
do you say that? Like what do you what
do you mean? Okay. So it's a little bit
quieter and you're going to talk from
like your chest a little bit and it's
going to be softer. So you're going to
soften it a little more breathy, right?
Not like a creepy way. Okay. But it's
like, hey, when you So I'm going to ask
like the same question. It's like um so
what happens if you don't change that
and you just keep doing what you're
doing? Okay. If I'm curious, hey, so
what happens if you don't change that?
You just kind of keep doing what you're
doing. Okay. That was nice and curious.
Okay. Um, if I'm doing playful be like,
"So, so what happens, man?" Like you,
you keep doing the same thing. Like,
what happens then? And then I've got
empathy. So, so what happens if you I
guess keep doing the same things and
nothing changes? So, you can see how
like the same thing just with the exact
same sentence basically with different
intonations and a different tonal cue
will have a very very different
reception from the prospect. Okay? And
these are relatively easy things to put
in. You want to have more levels of
neutrality and curiosity and those
playfulness and skepticism towards the
top. As you get down, you want to
increase certainty. Okay? You want to
increase empathy. You want to increase
urgency. And in your pitch, you want to
increase authority. Okay? So, that's
like a really easy way for you to think
about it. And then to implement this,
you just do it one at a time and you
work on the uh on the vocal tonal cues,
right? Curiosities,
right? So, it's higher up. Okay. And
then you just work on one sentence at a
time. Hey, I'm going to have a curious
turn in the sentence like, "Hey, how are
you, man? What's going on?" Oh, really?
Okay. Okay. Okay. Instead of, "Hey, how
are you? What's going on?" Oh, okay.
Right. It sounds very like monotonous
and scripted. Okay. So, that's kind of
how we build on each other. Right. Now,
number six is urgency. Okay? So, urgency
is more something that you're looking to
drive action. Okay? So whereas empathy
is like trying to build more trust
because like if someone feels like
you're being empathetic and you're a
safe space to talk to then they're going
to open up more to you then from there
the point of urgency is to show that
juxtaposition where you're looking to
drive more actionbased stuff. Okay. And
uh urgency is going to be derived less
from a specific tonal cue but more from
the word from the word structuring.
Okay. So that's where you're going to
put in and emphasize yourself more of
the time framebased things. Why is that
important to you now though? Why is that
important to you now though? It's like,
okay, so you know, do you want to do
that later or would you rather do it
now? Okay, so like why why now though?
Okay, so again, it's that emphasis on
time framebased stuff, right? Um that's
going to drive more urgency and it's
going to build a wider gap. Okay, the
last one that we're going to go over is
authority. Now an authority tone is
something that you have to do a self
assessment if you are someone that has
the ability to drive a lot of authority
when you're speaking to someone right so
are you a natural leader right are you
someone who um you know people just kind
of get behind are you someone who if if
someone were to step in a line okay and
were to cut in front of you would you
say something now there's no right
answer to that there's just you would or
you wouldn't or it kind of depends if
you're someone who would all the time
chances are you have a more certain a
more forthright uh a more authoritative
tone. Okay. Um and authoritative can be
a good thing, but can also be a bad
thing. Authority is meant to set
boundaries, right? And then be like,
"Hey, we're going to talk about this."
And so that's going to be like almost
like a dad talk, right? It's sort of
like when you hear dad voice. Dad voice
is highly authorative. Doesn't have to
be mean, nice. There doesn't have to be
any of that. It's just, hey, today is
what we're going to do. Now, if that's
not natural, it's going to come off
weird. Then what you want to do is you
want to use more definitive languaging
in order to pull that off. Okay? Just
like with urgency where we're going to
be using an emphasis on more time frame
based language, with authority we're
going to use more definitive language.
Okay? What that does, it pulls the
boundaries in of what acceptable
conversation is. Okay? And then from
there you say that and you project that
confidently. Now, if you're someone with
a very forthright tone, then using very
authorative language couldn't be too
much and it's going to sound like you're
being a dictator. So, then you use
neutral languaging with your natural
authorative tone in order to get that
across. Okay? So, like with anything, if
you're someone who is naturally like
with curiosity, really bubbly and like
like that, if you then go above that,
you're going to sound ridiculous because
you have a naturally curious demeanor.
If you're someone with a high level of
certainty, if you try and ramp that up,
okay, uh then you're then you're going
to sound overbearing. If you're really
skeptical all the time, you know what I
mean? Um then chances are when you ramp
that up, you're going to sound like
you're just like not believing a word
anybody says. Same with playfulness,
okay? You're going to sound like you're
just not serious and listening. Empathy
is going to be like, "All right, mate,
calm it down." You're going to sound
like a therapist. Okay? Urgency is
you're going to sound like the house is
on fire, right? And authority, you're
just going to sound like a dictator.
Okay? So all of these things you have to
assess how you go about them a little
bit with your natural demeanor. Most
people are quite passive and leaned out.
Okay? Because there are more Indians
than there are chiefs, right? You know
what I mean? There are there are more
non-leaders than leaders. And so u you
you need to do a self assessment and
then from there you have a look and go
okay do how do I come off? Then what you
want to do is you want to try and pick
the one of the wins that we've gone over
which brings me to a more neutral
playing field. So if I'm like hyper
curious, it's like maybe I go more
skeptical. You know what I mean? Um
because like that's just going to it's
going to realign me back down to
neutral. Okay, so those are the uh like
seven key tonal cues and exactly what
they do and how to use them and how you
can implement them and for you and your
personality and your selling. If you
like this kind of content guys, make
sure you like, subscribe, hit
notification bell, all that kind of good
stuff.
