Hey guys, what's up? Matt here and this
is Coffee's for Closers. This is another
one with me and Pat back by popular
demand. Yeah, we had one demand. Yeah,
yeah. Your mother rang me and she
demanded that you get back on this
podcast. Today what we're going to be
talking about is going to be talking
about the importance of content and I
guess how how I think and how Pat thinks
that you should be coming at content not
only from maybe some like logistical and
some gear stuff, but also just from a
mindset perspective to what your
expectation should be. For those of you
who don't know, this is a podcast about
entrepreneurship, sales, business and
all kinds of things growing businesses
and sort of getting getting better at
things in the entrepreneur space. So, if
you like this stuff, make sure you like,
subscribe, hit notification button and
we'll see you after the intro.
If you listen to this podcast, you will
make your first million within 3 years.
I'm going to repeat that. You will make
a million dollars within 3 years of the
first episode you listen to.
We don't want pikers. We're not here to
save the manatees. We're here to make
podcasts. You really want this. You
listen and review.
Put that coffee down. All right,
Patrick. Hello. Hi.
Content. Yes.
That's my job now. Yeah. How does it
feel?
Wonderful.
I can imagine. Shocking.
Congratulations on your nominee of my
success.
All the all the other catchphrases.
Yeah. I'm just happy to have a front row
seat. Yeah. Yeah, I'm here.
Congratulations to you. So, I'll
actually start off by asking you. Okay.
Right, because I mean, obviously this is
my your show.
But
you attained a fairly high level of not
only acumen, but also, you know, of of
of business and sort of standing in the
community that you're in and I feel like
content was an enormous piece for that
and I actually think you potentially
shifted the way the entire industry kind
of looked at it. Definitely gave it a
nudge for sure.
So, kind of explain like I guess explain
to the people who don't necessarily know
what I'm talking about. The background
on that and then we can Yeah, so I'm a
dog trainer by trade. That's my job and
I was super lucky in that I was coach,
mentored, guided by, you know, a guy,
his name's Bart Bellon, he's arguably
sort of, you know,
what amongst if not the best dog
trainers ever
and has a particular like a proprietary
system. It's not like there's any magic
to it, it just has a name and it's his
system, Nippo Po and I got pretty good
at implementing that and was very very
lucky that at the same time I began to
really understand it. He stopped
teaching it to the masses and would only
teach it privately in his schools and he
doesn't do any content, refuses does it
like he's, you know, he's an old Belgian
dude, he's not he's not into it and
there's no cause for it, right? Like he
he has demand beyond imagine.
Demand beyond what could ever be filled
and he only wants to do that in person,
he doesn't want to do it online. And so
in reality what ended up happening was I
and many others like not me alone, but I
and many others became like a feeder
funnel to his school. So, having
completed his school, I can teach the,
you know, I can use the brand
and I can teach the whole lot, but I
can't certify others and give them the
blessing, right? So, I have a podcast
called The Canine Paradigm and had been,
you know, even prior to being, you know,
certified by him, had just been talking
to the masses like to talking to whoever
would listen about dogs and the podcast
was beginning to get a fair amount of
traction. And really what happened
content-wise and how it sort of elevated
me like business-wise within the
industry is that the podcast proved to
people that I could talk, right? And
that I could teach and that I could
effectively pass on the information that
I had. The dog training space is really
interesting in that there are some
incredible dog trainers like people I
couldn't hold a candle to, they're so
good at what they do, but in many cases
it's intuitive to them. They've never
learned a thing about dog training. It's
just how they they are. And in others
they're, you know, they did learn it,
they went through the process of having
to digest and understand the
information, but they're not really
built to pass that on to people or they
just don't want to, right? A lot of dog
trainers would just, you know, they have
the capacity to do everything that I do,
they just would rather be on the tools
with dogs every day.
So, for me, I got kind of lucky in that
my I had a reasonable track record and I
had a dog that, you know, there's plenty
of footage of me training dogs, right?
There's heaps of footage online. So,
there's evidence that like I know what
I'm doing, right? I'm good on the tools.
But then the podcast became the vehicle
by which to prove I can teach as well. I
can talk. So, then there was this huge
demand then for coaching calls and and
people wanted to do online sessions and
all the training that I had been doing
was just in person, that's how dog
training is, right? Like it had never
occurred to me. And then actually I was
listening to a different dog training
podcast and it was a lady who
specialized in separation anxiety
and dealing with that. And in in dealing
with separation anxiety, it's very rare
that you ever touch the dog as a dog
trainer because it's not your problem.
It's it's a owner, it's a it's a
lifestyle issue almost.
So, you're just explaining to people
what to do. At no stage in dealing with
separation anxiety do you ever say like
here, give the leash to me and I'll show
you what I mean, right? It's totally
unnecessary. And so she had gone to 100%
online because she was like there's no
point. Like why leave my house? And that
way I can run back-to-back clients. I
can be virtually in their home. So, that
kind of like I was like okay, I could
give that a go. And so I started doing
these online coaching calls. And what I
ended up doing
I didn't think there'd be any demand,
ridiculous demand, right? And because I
was doing seminars all around the world
as well and what would happen is, you
know, you teach for two, three days to
people, but then they have follow-up
questions and that kind of stuff. And I
was stupidly just, you know, people
email me and I'd spend ages answering
emails and stuff cuz I love it. Like I'm
passionate about it. When I eventually
decided to do these calls, I was just
doing them on my iPhone in the garage of
all places cuz I didn't have an office
set up or anything. Like that was my dog
training space. I was I thought that I
should have my dogs there in case I
needed to demo anything. I had my
whiteboard in case I needed to hash
things out for people.
Yeah. Few things you did, yeah. So, I
never used the dogs. I think in, you
know, the first 150 calls, I think I got
the dogs out of the kennel twice and and
demoed with them. So, I was like okay, I
don't need to
just just stick that there for a second
because like if if I were to listen upon
this without without knowing the
timeline that this took, like it sounds
to me like I started a podcast, got a
certification, immediate demand from
people and this is like this is a
3-month thing. Yeah.
You know, like what is the actual
timeline cuz I think it's important for
people to know because
I see a lot of podcasts start and
finish. We're on episode 100 and
something now and I like I never plan to
stop. So, if you're watching this like
whatever. Even if even if no one
watches, I'm still going to do it.
So, we're we're about 250 episodes in of
a weekly podcast. So, here's a few years
in there.
And I think the tricky part with
podcasts, like there's we first marketed
it into dog training groups. There's,
you know, plenty of like Australian dog
training groups and and since then
there's like Facebook groups, I mean.
Since then
those have grown and we have one, of
course, for the podcast. You're crazy
not to have a a group for your product.
But yeah, so it's been growing steadily
over time to the point now where, you
know, I don't know where it ranks. I
don't look at other podcasts. Like I
don't know how to gauge their numbers
and that, but it's certainly one of the
more popular and most listened to dog
training podcasts. We have about 40,000
downloads an episode.
And we we've monetized that not through
through ads. We do have ads, but
it's a very small amount of money. We
could charge much more. The issue is I
think ethics gets in the way of us
placing too many ads because it's the
people who very often want to advertise
with us,
we sort of say to them like we can't
really convert sales for you. Like there
are a lot of dog trainers that want to,
you know, put their product or their
name out there and it's like, you know,
only other dog trainers are listening to
this and you have a local service, so
there's not a lot we can do. So, we have
like two main sponsors really like that
are equipment selling places and one in
Australia, one in North America. So,
that sort of covers most of our
audience. But the the money that we make
for it comes through Patreon and we
provide content into the Patreon, but
what has happened is we outlayed a lot
of money to start that podcast. You
know, like there's, you know, thousands
of dollars worth of equipment to get
going the way that we wanted to.
And now why why do it that way though?
Like what was the what was the catalyst
behind wanting to create it? Yeah. Good
question. Just whacking an iPhone and
going yeah. Yeah, so you totally can do
that and that was what I wanted to do.
I was like yeah, when So, I do it with a
friend of mine, Glenn and he it was his
idea. He asked me to do it with him and
I was like yeah, we'll just put the
iPhone down and hit record and we that's
the audio and he was like no, no, no,
no.
This is how we're going to do it. And
I've seen a lot of people come and go
that have done the like put the iPhone
down and record and
it just doesn't get the traction because
I think the thing with podcasts is it's
just audio, right? So, like this is a
YouTube people might be just listening
to the audio of this,
but they might be watching and so that's
something else to see, right? But for
the most part, you need higher quality
sound. And I think the barrier to entry
was
and Glenn did all the work on this, but
setting up a podcast is tricky as well,
right? Like it's not as simple as
Yeah, and and it's not as simple as just
going live on Facebook and that's where
a lot of people in that space who, you
know, rightly were like how am I going
to content and put it I'm going to go
live on Facebook. That's just not a
great way. It it
it's good. There's merit to doing it for
sure and to convey a message. Yeah, and
to convey a message that's
time-sensitive. Certainly the dog
training space, it's fantastic for that.
But it's it's quickly lost in the
newsfeed. It's not easy to search. It's
not going to come up in anyone's search
in the future. Like There's not really
anywhere for you to then use that later.
Yeah.
As well. Like it's now that belongs to
Facebook. It's not yours anymore.
And and and as a
like a the watching experience is a
commitment to most of your senses,
right? So, like you have to have your
screen open. You know, if you're going
to do it on your computer, you're stuck
sitting there in front of it. And very
rarely are people doing anything that
is, you know, interesting on it. And if
I want to listen in the car, I have to
have my screen on. Yeah, so it's not
it's not ideal. It's not ideal for the
platform either, which is why Facebook
lives, unless you're in a group and it's
a scheduled thing and then it's more of
like a it's a it's a thing. Or if you
schedule like you can do it like if it's
like the episode of the week and you do
it every week and it's a thing and
people can can be prepared for it. But
if it's like an ad hoc thing, I don't
really think it works that well. Yeah.
Because like again, that medium is not
conducive to long-form content.
Yeah. And like again, this is me
personally, but editing goes a long way.
It does.
Right? And when you're live, that
there's there's a there's a purpose for
live, right? But if you're trying to
convey a detailed message, at live is
not the way to do it, right? Because
you'll stumble your words. People have
to
Yeah. And and one of the things that you
see people do a lot in Facebook lives is
keep acknowledging the audience. Oh,
Jonah's here. Hey Jonah. And they derail
themselves and they never find their way
back to their original, you know, like
point that they were at. And so you see
in the end, long story short, we're
getting to the point. It was when I
started doing these coaching calls, I
realized like I should be recording
these. Because I used to record so much
of my actual dog training and that's how
people knew that I knew what I was
talking about, right? Because I'd be in
the park or I'd be in a training session
with someone, whatever. And those people
right there can see this dude's got
skills. He knows what he's doing. Yeah.
But you record that and you post that on
Facebook or YouTube or wherever you post
it just so like hey, there's evidence
and they were not polished. They were
just like hey, here's me training a dog.
I I know how to do that. So, it occurred
to me or physical training sessions, I
should be recording these like Skype
training sessions. And I ended up
started doing it just by another iPhone,
right? Because I was on a call on that
iPhone, I'll just use another one there.
And so I had this
Must be nice.
It was the old one, right? So, like
really crappy quality forward-facing
camera from a you know, a 6-year-old
iPhone. So, you know, like it's a 720.
It's not great. But then what I realized
was like there's these moments where I
was saying things that are interesting
or even not necessarily always
interesting, but maybe a little bit
controversial or not controversial in
that I'm going to stir a problem, but
different to what people might expect,
right? And I was like I could make a
snippet of that. And then I could have
like a little demo of what I'm talking
about like with the actual dog. So, now
I've got cuz I've got all these footage
of me training dogs. And now I have all
these footage of me talking, I could put
those together and make some content.
So, I started doing that and then I
started getting some traction on
Instagram. People like it was, you know,
getting traction. And then I put it on
YouTube and just sort of set and forget.
No no title page, no end screen, no
nothing. Just like here here's the
video. No SEO on the title, like not
searchable in any way, shape or form. I
just put it there. And so that started
No one else was doing that. And then
that started building up to the point
where I was like I should be recording
much more of this stuff and I should go
long-form. So, then you know, what I was
relying on was like a 15-second sound
bite and a 15-second video of dog
training before I realized hey, no,
YouTube will Instagram specifically and
Facebook will allow a minute of video.
So, I should go draw it out to that. And
then I started figuring out okay, here's
a good chunk of it that is 3 minutes.
So, that's got to go on on on YouTube.
And I started just putting all this
stuff out and really not paying any
attention to who was looking at it. I
just was putting it there because it was
so easy to do. Yeah. And then before too
long, I realized like holy demand's gone
through the roof, right? Like people are
starting to pay way more attention and
that's why, right? It's because the
podcast enabled one thing and it fed
into the other and that repurposing
those calls, it's like free marketing.
It not like it is free marketing.
Well, you're getting paid to do the
session.
Yeah.
And then you're using that session and
you're repurposing it to get more
sessions. Totally, right?
So, then the biggest one for me was I
had a guy the Skype session starts up,
the Zoom session starts up. And he's a
guy that had messaged me a few times and
he I think he's Swedish. And English is,
you know, second language. He speaks
English, but not super well. Fine, but
long story short, he said to me, I want
you to explain the system to me and if I
put the system and is it okay if we
record because I don't want to interrupt
you. I just want you to say and I will
like, you know, go through it many times
later because English is not my first
language and I just want you to hash it
out as your thoughts and then I'll
review it later and make sure that I
understand it instead of interrupting
you. No worries. So, we record it, hash
it out and then at the end I was like,
oh my god. Dylan. I was like Spitting
hot fire. Yeah, I was like he didn't
interrupt me at all. Or he might have at
one point which I was easily able to cut
out.
We had the hello and goodbye. They're
50-minute sessions. There's 10 minutes
either side of that. I ended up with a
40-minute recording of exactly the whole
system start to finish. And then I was
like hey, I I should do something with
this. And I showed it to a few people
who didn't really know the system and
would have otherwise been clients and
they were like and some other people who
you know, did know the system, they were
like that's everything. You just created
in that. And then so I made an online
course out of it. It's like six figures
coming just from that one coaching call.
Yeah.
of the story, kids, just do one coaching
call, turn it into a course, make six
figures.
You know. But so, it was just fortuitous
that I mean, not fortuitous. I put in a
lot of work, right? And made sure
everything was in place to be able to do
that, but I didn't plan it. It just came
to be that like I accidentally made some
really good content and then was like
okay, I have that. I've got to reuse it.
But I think it's like the harder you
work, the luckier you get.
Totally. Right? And so, if I draw some
parallels, you know, I met Jeremy
same sort of thing. Jeremy definitely is
not the person where he does not want to
be out there, right? You know, enough is
not enough. But um
and then so like what I did it like cuz
I had an active thought. I remember
sitting down with James and we were like
really new and I was like I need to be
known as a guy that's good at sales
because I wanted these people to ask me
to do their sales. Mhm. And I was like I
have no idea Yeah. how to go about doing
this. And I didn't like the strategy
which was out there, which was like DM
everyone who you know and convince them
that you're good at sales. And I was
like that doesn't seem like the play.
So, I said okay, like what is the one
place that I know I can easily get the
right people? And that was Facebook,
personal Facebook.
Mhm. I was like because I can literally
just friend
loads of people that are within my
niche.
Mhm. And so I was like all right, I'll
just do that. So, literally like went
into groups and just started like
friending all the coaches and
consultants and sales guys because I
knew I was going to need sales guys at
some point. And I was like okay, if like
my goal and we laid this out was if you
know me, you will get better at sales
for free. Yeah.
That's it. That became the mandate of
the Facebook group, the Closing Code,
which has now got 4,000 members. Just
pretty much grown it very, very
organically. Just sort of like the the
group for this podcast. Mhm. Sort of
thing, right? And like the the the
low-end sort of sales training offer
that we have on the back end of it,
which is like ridiculously priced. And
so we're like okay, and then let's just
create these and I would do a video
every day. And it was like I would
purpose make it. Almost like it just a
mini YouTube video. I'd purpose make it
for YouTube and I would cover a specific
subject and it was two to four minutes.
Mhm. And I would do that and I would
edit it on my iPhone. I would shoot it
on my iPhone with a ring light and then
I would edit it using iMovie. And I paid
some guy on Fiverr to make like a cool
intro outro. I actually realized that
the intro outro on personal Facebook
makes it doesn't kills your engagement.
Yeah. Cuz people think it's a business
thing.
Yeah. And like that just destroys it.
So, I was like okay, cool. Like I know
and then I that's when I figured out the
different platforms require different
editing. Yeah. So, I was like well, if
I'm going to I put this on LinkedIn and
I was like so we started started making
different templates. And I was like
okay, that's Facebook. That's Instagram.
That's like personal Facebook. That's
business Facebook cuz they're different
even though it's the same content.
Mhm. And then my Facebook page, my
Facebook group, sorry, had to have a
different edit as well.
Like things with borders you can do in
there, but you can't do borders on your
personal. And it's really weird, right?
Yeah. And so
um I started kind of doing that and then
I started to like I wasn't worried about
the likes and comments. I watched the
views.
Because when you put it up, you can see
the views and I would go I knew I had a
winner if I had like 100 views in the
first hour. And I was like oh, sweet.
And then I started to figure out when I
got the most views and then all of a
sudden I started to get more likes and
comments and all that kind of stuff. But
really it was about all I cared about
was the view number.
Um because I knew that the more people
that watched it, the more people were
starting to watch it and I posted the
same time every single day. And then I
had like a I had it sort of like content
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and
then I had like a Friday meme that I'd
put up every single Friday. And I would
invite people to put their memes and
stuff like that. And so I started doing
that and then from there like I just had
people start contacting me. Mhm.
And it was like man, what are what are
you doing? And I would post up like my
wins as well. So, like I'd post up a
screenshot of like I closed at 77% for
the last two weeks. This is how much
commission I made. This is what I've
done. This is like my thoughts as to why
it's happened and what I could do better
or what I think I'm doing well. And
people are like
and it was like it was like the warts
and all type thing. And then I started
putting up like content of my own calls.
I was like hey, I did a sales call. I
think it went pretty well. Let me know
what you guys think. And like no one
does that. Mhm. No one. No one will put
up a legit sales call and I'll put up
like five of them.
And then I started opening up. I was
like, "What else?" I was like, "What
would no one do?" Mhm. Because like most
people are not that good. But the
perception is that they are good. Sure.
And so I was like, "Well,
what is the one thing that you would
have to be good?" And I was like, "I'll
sell people live." Mhm. Right? And so I
started jumping on. I was like, "Hey,
I'll do like a live sales call."
At that and I'll role play with you
anyone role play with anyone and we'll
come record it and you can send it to
whoever you want. Mhm. And so I started
doing that kind of stuff and then just
being as open and transparent and like,
"Hey, look at me." And like there's not
many people now that would argue that
I'm not a very good sales person. They
can disagree with like my methodology,
but they'd go, "Well, it's pretty
effective."
Yeah, yeah. You know? And it's just
because and then from personal Facebook
we added in like the podcast. Right? The
podcast was a big one. Like I listen to
like the first podcast. They're
terrible. We just use Zoom. Yeah, yeah.
Like just Zoom and like then we were
just using like these little microphones
and then from there we kind of moved on.
And like as we started doing this we
started getting more inquiries. And the
more inquiries we got the more sales we
made. The more sales we made the more
money we made. And then I would take
that money I would reinvest it back into
better quality stuff because to me all
of that came from the content even
though
we didn't have any funnels set up so I
could actually tell it was coming from
that. But all I knew is that the more
content I did the more views I got.
And like we don't get like crazy amounts
of views. Like I mean you know what I
mean? But it's they're quality views.
Yeah. You know? I think that's
very interesting now being in this space
and exactly the same in my own.
Like we don't get a huge amount of
listeners or downloads or views of any
kind.
But they're they're the exact ones that
we wanted. Highly monetizable. Well, and
not just monetizable like highly
targeted to the point of like these are
the people I'm trying to reach. And it's
not always for financial reasons I'm
trying to reach them, right?
Yeah. I mean long term I suppose
everything is that, right? But we you
don't need this giant audience and
everybody sort of talks about viral
stuff because there's plenty of dog
trainers say who have half a million
followers on on YouTube.
But they're not targeting like there
aren't half a million people that are
interested in what I do, Yeah. or that I
can target to because I train a very
narrow bandwidth of people. I don't
train pet dog people. Like so like if
you're just a pet dog owner and you're
interested in what I have to say, you're
you're probably as good or better than a
lot of professional dog trainers. And
and mostly the people that I train
Yeah. Most you're not like, "Oh, I've
got a problem with my dog and I'm
looking to solve it, right?" Like that
is actually how most dog trainers start
out. They got a problem and they they in
the solving of the problem they enjoy
it. Yeah. But so there aren't that many
people that are my target. And our goal
or you know certainly my goal has to be
to provide them I want to solve their
problem as much as I possibly can
without curated content. So the podcast
and everything I put out like I put out
everything. There's nothing There never
once on our podcast or in a YouTube
video or anywhere have I said, "Oh, no,
that's that's going behind a paywall,
right? Like that's that's secret. You
you have to you have to pay for that,
right?"
But we put it all out, but we don't just
curate it, right? So you could and and
plenty of people have is just from the
content that me and others put out for
free
you can become really good. And I've got
I've actually got like my antidepressant
kit in my phone of I've got like an
album of screenshots that I
of of people who give me like this
incredible feedback, right? And whenever
someone gives me some horrible like says
some horrible mean I go and I cry in the
corner and I read these like screenshots
of people like, "You changed my life."
and all this kind of stuff. So it's
really you know I feel like we've done a
good job at that.
But like I say, it's not curated. You're
going to have to listen to 250 episodes
and pretty much every every cognitive
thought
in order and Yeah. Every cognitive
thought I've ever had is in that
podcast, but it's just vomited onto it,
right? And you're going to have to find
it. But lots of people do. But if you
want me to curate for that for you,
that's a course, right? Like that you're
going to have to pay for that, right?
Because that's me putting the time
together. Okay, this is the order in
which you should learn it and that's an
extra time commitment for me. But
there's no extra information. None,
right? It's all it's all there. And I
think that has been from from my point
of view in business wise like that the
developing that audience trust and not
in a I think what's super important when
I talk about that cuz I get
uncomfortable talking about it is it's
not in like a sleazy way either. In a
like I they trust me because I provide
them good information and because I do
have their best interest at heart. Yeah.
Like not because I want them to think
that,
I think and there's been people I've
seen come and go that want you to think
that and it it just gets uncovered super
quick.
I think it yeah, it's it's there's a
level of transparency. So like the one
thing that I don't give away is a
script. But there's actually a very
specific reason for that.
Mhm. It's like cuz I have you could
listen to my I have like five sales
calls that you can just go download and
they're using my script. You could just
transpose it. I've had people do it and
then buy coaching off me and I'm like,
"Okay, let's get your script up." And
I'm like, "Oh, it's my script."
Right? And they're like, "Yeah, I just
transcribed it from what you said." I
was like, "Yeah, that's a good way of
doing it."
Perfect. How however like I think giving
a script actually does detriment to
people. Yeah, right? Unless you like you
know
and I was talking to a business owner
the other day cuz they were asking us
like, "Hey, can you come in and train my
clients?" And I was like, "Okay, like
yes." I was like they're like, "What do
you want like scripting?" I was like,
"No, I can't do it." Like, "Oh, you
don't want to give it away?" I was like,
"No, I don't have enough time with
them." Mhm. I was like I would be doing
your clients a genuine disservice by
like, "Yeah, you pay me 10 grand a
month, great. Like go in there and teach
them stuff." But if I give them a script
without taking them through like you
have new clients every every week,
right? Like, "Yeah." I was like, "I
can't do it that way."
Like I have to take them through a
foundational learning period where I
teach them the principles of why things
work and how things are done so that I
can teach them a script which then they
can use and adapt. But if I just give
them a script I go they will go
backwards and they will make less money
and then they won't pay you. Mhm. So I
was like, "If that's what you want like
you need to hire someone different
because like it's just going to end up
end up your income." Yeah. And he was
like, "Oh." And I was like, "But what I
can do is I can like have a foundation
that I put together in like a portal for
you guys." And I have that. We just went
live with a NEPQ portal and then they
can have the foundation. Mhm. And then
from there I can teach certain elements.
But scripting because you have new
people coming through all the time it's
a 12-week course. I don't have enough
time with them. Trainer circle six
months. Yeah. All right. Like I need the
time
in order to to make it effective. And
and so like I don't want to do people a
disservice. It's not that like I want to
hide scripts.
It's just like I don't want to give
people things that they're then going to
use. They're going to go backwards cuz
they don't understand it and they're
going to blame the script.
Yeah. It's it's the same as delivering
the punchline without the joke. Yeah.
Like yeah. It when I teach it's the same
thing. When I teach live events
I actually do it this way on purpose. I
draw this diagram on the board first up
straight up and I go, "You came here to
learn a particular system from me. Here
it is." And I draw this little triangle
with all these symbols all over it. And
I'm like,
"That's that's the whole system. You can
go home.
Or you can sit here for the next 8 hours
and I'll explain so many things to you
and then I'll redraw that diagram and
you'll go, "Woah." Like blows my mind,
right? So I think it's the same kind of
thing. Exactly. But I think like if we
go back to the importance of content and
like the reason why we're sitting here
in the studio and like besides the fact
that you know we have they like just the
financial ability to do so. But it's
like I feel like people give up on
content very quickly.
Mhm. And they give up on podcasts. They
give up on YouTube channels because it's
like they're looking for immediate
gratification.
Yeah. And if we ever look at like the
most successful like Mr. Beast been on
been on YouTube since he was 11 years
old. So 10 years. MKBHD Marques Brownlee
we were talking about him at lunch.
Never had a viral video. What has he
got? 10 million subs? 20 million I think
14 million. Yeah, 14 million subs just
grinded the whole time making videos
about iPhones. Yeah. And they're like
like relatively boring. Like this is
just tech stuff. You know like Linus
Tech Tips Again. Like all these big
channels like they have
like because they enjoy doing the
content. Like they're doing it for the
passion. Like I I really enjoy doing
content. I like being on camera. I think
it's fun. I like the gear. I think it's
good. And like my intent for doing
content is to educate people. It's not
to get clients.
Yeah. The happy accident of the more
content that I do the better quality of
the content becomes and the better I
become on camera. Mhm. Like so look at
how I was on camera 2 years ago and I
thought I was pretty good and natural on
camera. And I look at it today and I'm
like, "I was trash." And I'm sure I'll
look again in 5 years time and go,
"Ugh." Like so many little mistakes or
whatever. Like looking at not looking
down the barrel all the time and moving
my head around during a podcast. Right?
But all these things like the better all
that gets and the better production
quality I can like the best production
quality I can afford. And that's an
important distinction. Like sometimes
it's just go back 2 years on this
channel and you'll see it's all done on
an iPhone or Zoom because it's really
easy to edit on Zoom. But it's a poor
quality, but hey, it's a video. Mhm.
Right? And so I think it's like that
immediate gratification. It's like if
your intent when you start a podcast is
like, "Man, I'm going to get so many
clients from this." It's like
you're you're going to get 6 months down
the road. You're going to have 35
listeners
and you're not going to keep going.
Yeah. Whereas like what I would say is
like, "Okay, you have 35 listeners. I
guarantee you one of them hops on a
phone call. They're close." That's
right. And I think
the focus should not be on
building a giant community but a strong
community. So if you only have 35
listeners like holy you can provide an
awesome amount of value to 35 people.
Like if you've if you've allocated 2
hours a week to to this task, right?
Yeah. And you've only got 35 listeners.
Holy you can you can give 35 people a
lot of good info in 2 hours, yeah.
But but imagine if every single week you
did a in-person event in a small room
and you filled it with 35 people, you'd
be considered a very successful speaker.
Yeah. Yeah. Like, 35 people every every
week. Yeah. Wow, man. Like, you know,
these guys spend like Jordan Belfort
came to Australia and they had to give
away
almost all the tickets. Yeah, right.
Because like people just don't go to
events. Like people they have stuff to
do. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Not
that Jordan Belfort's not a big name cuz
he's a big name. Yeah, yeah. Right? But
it's just like
value being there, but it's hard to
convey that. People are busy. Yeah. You
know, I'm busy, you're busy. I wouldn't
go.
I didn't go. Yeah, even when it was
free. Yeah.
Exactly. Like we we got uh
we got meet and greet VIP tickets to um
uh comedy venue the other night that we
were at. And the comedy show started at
7:00 and the meet and greet was at 5:00.
And I was like I got kids, man. I'm not
going to that.
And they called me. They're like, "You
coming?" I was like, "No."
And they're like, "Why?" I got kids, 2
hours early. I got kids. I got I'm not
coming. I just bought the best tickets I
wanted to be in the front row. It came
with the meet and greet.
I don't want to meet him. I don't want
to break the fourth wall. I don't care.
I was like, "Whatever. I don't
Yeah. I don't Yeah. to do. Yeah. It was
very funny. But it's just like so I
think like people look at it from the
wrong perspective. I saw a guy uh
a guy he's like in the same space as us
and I I check out competitors
competitors, right? People in the same
YouTube cuz I'm like, "Oh, like what are
they doing? What are they innovating?
Like can I get some ideas?" You know
what I mean? Stuff like that. Like I'm
not going to rip their content off, but
I'll be like, "Oh, that's a really great
idea. What can I take from that? Get
inspiration." Stuff like that. And like
I would shout them out. Like I really
like some of Cole Gordon's videos. Like
they're phenomenal when he sits down
there and he really explains the process
in depth. Like it's not how I work. Mhm.
So like I don't know that I could pull
that off, but I like the idea of it. And
I would like to figure out how to bring
something like that into my content. But
like I just you know went on a guy's and
like he guys hasn't posted in 3 months.
And I specifically remember this guy
posting up going like, "This is the year
I'm going to podcast and my YouTube I'm
going to get 10,000 followers and I'm
going to go all in on content." And I'm
like, "You gave up after 6 months
because you're not getting what tens of
thousands of views." And I was like,
"What did you expect?"
Like I've I've had my podcast for 2
years,
right? And I think we get I don't know I
don't even know what we get. I think we
get like say 30,000 a month, right? We
release four so we probably get like
5 to 7,000 downloads an episode. But
it's like
those 5 to 7,000 people are really
bought into what we do. And like I can
only service two new clients a month.
Yeah.
Like do I really need any more than
that? Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Or
is that just my ego going, "I want
more." Well, that's it. I think that a
lot of the times when you look at you
know social media and the amount of
followers, you know, you YouTube
especially is you know views and
follower driven. And that's fine if your
intention is to be a famous entertainer,
you need both of those things, right?
But if you're delivering value to a
target audience, you don't, right? You
just need your target audience. So like
you know on YouTube I've got like four
just under 5,000 I think subscribers,
but like that's my whole market.
I got everyone. I got everyone. Yeah,
we're done. We got everyone. Like that's
that's a that's a ton of people in my
space cuz there there aren't that many
people interested in what I have to say
about dog training stuff because I fit
like I say I fit in a weird bandwidth
where the the really really good dog
trainers are as good as me and or
better, doesn't matter what I say. And
then there's the average pet dog owner
who like couldn't even begin to
understand the stuff that I'm saying. So
I have this like tiny little sliver of
people in the middle there
uh and I provide them value. I don't I
don't try and like reach for the masses.
I I don't I don't want or need that. In
fact, to do so would be counter to my
message and would degrade the the brand.
Yeah. Like for me like I I could say
like one in every eight sales one in
every eight employed individuals a sales
person. Mhm. However, for me
first of all like I personally don't
like I own part of Seventh Level and we
sell sales people stuff, but like that's
Jeremy's thing. So with Jeremy's thing
like spreading wider is important. So
like doing all the amplification and
like go trying to really go wide is is
very important for that and it's working
and his channel's growing stuff like
that. For my stuff it's like I I need to
connect with a very small subsect of the
entrepreneur community and also sales
reps, right? Because I want sales reps
seeing how good we treat our sales reps
they want to come work here because they
want the opportunity to work with the
best business owners. And so I only want
to speak to the best business owners.
Mhm. Like and most of them are in the
coaching consulting realm. We're trying
to kind of expand outside of it, but
right now like really like you know like
the most the the biggest and the best
like coaches who coach coaches, right?
They might have 300 clients. Mhm.
Right? So let's say there's five of
them.
So let's say there's like really active
very very good coaches and consultants.
There's like 1,500 of them Mhm. who are
really good that I would ever want to
work with. And I get like you know, we
get 7,000 downloads. Mhm.
It's like I I probably got most of them.
Yeah.
You know? Yeah. Um through through any
one of the mediums that I'm working on.
Like I've got most of them either on
YouTube, on my podcast, on my personal
Facebook, on my Instagram, whatever it
may be. Like I Shannon Briggs reached
out to me asking for marketing help.
Yeah, right. Like two-time heavyweight
world champion. I didn't think it was
him. I thought it was some
And he messaged me on audio. He's like,
"Hey man, what's going on? Let's go,
champ." And I was like, "Hey, it's
Shannon Briggs." I was like, "What's
happening?" I remember calling Mark. I
was like, "What is happening?" Yeah.
Anyway, I got to meet him with him next
week. He's going to be on Rogan. Where
you masturbate? Yeah. That's that's how
we get to Rogan. That's step one to
getting on Rogan. Yeah. Uh hey, I want
to circle back to something you were
just talking about before, uh equipment,
right?
And and I think Shot on iPhone. Yeah.
We've got a funny video about that
coming out. And like I said, like the
podcast we start we spend some money.
Like not a ridiculous amount, but a
couple of grand to get good audio going
because it is just audio. So like it's
Well, let's have a look at this setup
actually right now. This is a RodeCaster
Yeah. This is about 800 bucks, Aussie?
Yep. These are $350. These are custom
mics so you can get them cheaper than
that. Well, actually these yeah, these
are pretty cheap like compared like
these are Shure SM seven something or
other.
seven B's I think. SM7B's. Yeah. Um
these are like 350 bucks and these are
like powder coated custom ones. You can
get them for like 300 bucks flat. Yeah.
These XLR cables are you know, 50 bucks
each. And this is an Elgato. This is
kind of an extravagant expense that you
don't need. These are a couple hundred
bucks a pop, but Yeah. this whole setup
right here probably costs 1,500 bucks.
Yeah, so like that's that's not too big
a barrier to entry to get into. But then
what I found was you know everything was
iPhone even the training stuff that I
was doing and then I like my first
investment was an app that let me use my
AirPods as a microphone so that I could
get further from my I think you can do
that natively now, but you couldn't do
that. You you when you use that
in the future. Yeah, totally. But what I
found is that you the Patreon that we
have for the podcast, we don't spend any
of the money that it's like we don't
take any of the money. It's all to you
know, buy equipment for the show. Oh,
you spend it. Well, yeah, we spend it
on gear to make better quality stuff.
But what I have found to be totally
honest with you is like I've kind of
painted myself into a corner with that
because I made some really
high quality, right? I made some really
good stuff and I put in a ton of work
into doing it.
Your reels are next level. Well, not not
just the reels, but like for the
Patreon. So like behind the paywall that
they just get to see, like I put work
into making some amazing, right? And it
didn't get any more views. It got like
people got me some like cuz it there's a
limited number of people in there,
right? So like it it gets the views that
it gets. And a few people sent me some
messages saying, "Hey well, you did a
really good job with that, Pat. Like
hey, good work." But now
But like now I feel compelled that
that's the standard that I've set and I
find it really hard actually to go back
to just like me talking in front of the
iPhone, right? And it's probably just as
effective. Like I'm probably producing
the the information that I'm providing
is just as good The quality of the
content is the most important thing.
However, the method of consumption does
matter. Like if you're going to be on
YouTube, you better spend a bit of
money. Yeah. Like YouTube, there is a
high production like dude like the top
dude like even like low-end YouTubers
like us use top-tier gear.
Yeah. Like if you're not uploading in
4K, YouTube goes I don't care. Yeah.
Right? If your audio quality is not
good, nobody will watch.
Yeah. Like you can get away with not
great video
and cuz people would just assume it's
their internet. Yeah. Right? If you
upload in 720p, it's a little bit
grainy, they won't turn it off cuz
they're like, "Oh, my internet's a bit
whatever." Yeah, yeah. But if the
audio's really good if the audio's gra-
bad, they'll just go
it doesn't matter. All right? So like if
you're going to focus on something,
focus on your audio first.
Totally. Even if you plug in a
microphone, like I know a chick who's a
super successful YouTuber. She just uses
her iPhone Max Pro Mhm. with an with it
with an external microphone, right? And
it looks phenomenal. Yeah. Right? Like
it looks fine. It's great, good to go.
Like it's not phenomenal, but cuz you
you lack a lot of like the the visual
interest of YouTube is like being able
to keyframe and stuff like that. Like
you have to have some of that I think or
maybe I'm just boring and people we need
to kind of put some of that stuff in. So
you definitely lose some of that in post
when when you're just doing it on
iPhone. Um but like you don't have to go
insane with it, but I think like it
needs to be reflective of the medium
that you want and how you want to be
perceived.
Yes, exactly.
Like I wanted I wanted to my goal, I
remember going like I'm going to outpace
everyone. Mhm. And it was an active
decision and I think I probably spoke to
you about it. I was like, "Man, that's
what I'm doing here." Yeah. Exactly. So
it was like, "Okay, I started off with
videos on YouTube." And then a couple of
my competitors uh sorry, videos on
Facebook. A couple of my competitors
started doing it. And I was like,
"Perfect." Because I'd already started
leveling up my content game to where I
hired an external editor. And I was
like, "Sweet. Now I have a great editor.
I can make my stuff look better. I won't
just do lives and upload it and put it
straight on there. I'll have it edited.
I'll upload it. I'll copyright it. I'll
make it better. Then people started
doing that, but that I'd already moved
on to YouTube. And then creating like
shorts and I had segments called just
the tip where it's like, you know, I had
a really well-edited, very short, like
very very precise bit of content, no
call to action, no nothing. Then people
kind of started doing that and then it's
like, okay, my podcast, okay, we're
going to go hard in the paint, we're
going to get a studio, we're going to do
this. And I was always my plan was to be
like, I will always be a level of
barrier. There's a There's going to be a
large barrier of entry to beat me
in terms of like the amount of volume
and the amount of quality. And I've
watched most of those people stop
trying. Yeah. And probably not for lack
of quality, right? It's like not
actually creating it. Because it doesn't
matter whether you say it into a $20,000
cinema camera or you say it into an
iPhone. If you're talking, you're
talking. Exactly.
Right? And if you if your a very if your
subject matter depth knowledge depth is
narrow, it's narrow no matter what
camera you're talking into,
Yeah. I think it was you that said I'll
either talk so much that people think
I'm a genius or full of Yeah.
And they can decide, but there's going
to be two camps. Yeah. And it's like as
long as I don't have people mingling in
the middle, they have They have to be
two camps. And it's like these people
will think I'm a and these people think
I'm a genius. And those are the people
who are going to buy something off me or
follow me or send people to me, you
know? And one of one of the ways that
we've that we've done to be able to kind
of like cuz we do a lot of content, but
I don't necessarily I spend less time in
front of a camera now than what I used
to, but we have the the dial-on cam,
Mhm. which is the spitting hot fire cam
over there. And then we have the main
cam. And so like we do that because like
well, we're going to sit down here so we
can repurpose the content.
Yeah. And like I'll kind of let you
explain that
Well, so that was when you brought me on
and you know, there's a team of people
that is managing all the content for the
the organization.
And my first sort of directive of in
coming up with it was we need to
minimize your time that you have to
be doing this rather than actually
running the business and doing the
business stuff. So I was like, we need
to find a way to maximize everything
that is recorded. How can we use that to
the absolute fullest of our ability? So
from every podcast that we do, we need
to be able to take snippets that we can
put places. We need to be recording so
that you can get reels from this or
vertical content from this. We need to
like with every YouTube video that we
create, there's multiple facets to that.
And and it like it only like for the 1
hour of your time that I take, that's my
time like, you know, I can reformat that
and that takes me 10 hours to reformat
it, but that's my job to do. You don't
need I don't need to be saying to you,
okay, now let's do it again, but I'm
going to hold the camera this way. Yeah.
Like how we got it all set up.
Yeah, so from No, but I say from the
start like we're going to film this at
wide enough an angle that I can
repurpose this to be a tight shot or a
wide shot or whatever. We're going to
use the right kind of lens and all that
kind of things just so that we can say
for the minimum impact on your time
because you are the functional head of
so many businesses and and have so much
to do, for me in the the creation of the
content of this space like we need to
maximize what we can get. Like from
flash to bang, you actually saying it
out of your mouth, well, I want I want a
machine gun effect at the other end
because I want I want to reuse that in
as many possible ways to minimize the
impact on you and have the greatest
effect to to your audience that you can
provide information to. And that's where
the gear becomes important.
Yes. That is Yes. That's when it becomes
like you can't do what we do with an
iPhone. No. Like it can't be done
because like, you know, some of the
stuff that we've done like we've shot it
from like you've been you've been 100
feet away from me.
Yeah. And we've been shooting that fully
zoomed in in 8K.
Yeah, on a 200 mil lens in 8K.
For a reason though.
Zoomed in 22 times.
Yeah, there's a reason why because we
wanted to have a particular effect and
and it's like so we can use that and so
like when we do a podcast, it's like we
can pull that out. We can have that as
audio only here. We then have the video.
That's going to get edited. Then from
there there's that camera right there,
which is straight on me, which is like
has a much longer lens, much a you know,
much I think it has a 170 on it or
something like that.
Yeah, it's pulled into 70 mil though.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, so we have that and that
kind of gives the allure of like it's
further away. So it's very voyeuristic
cuz that one
that's just watching us have a
conversation. That's meant to be there
that you're like the third person in the
room. That one, you're not quite sure if
you're supposed to be seeing this.
Yeah. So it gives it a little bit of
like a bit of an edge that people want
to view, which is how we've had some of
our like we have 15,000 followers on
Instagram and we usually have at least
one in five people watch a reel, but
sometimes we have 90, 100,000 people
watch a reel. It's because it's visually
interesting. Yeah. And I I think I told
you so I got stuck in a hotel in
Queensland in lockdown. So I was in
Queensland for two weekends and Sydney
went into lockdown in between those
times. So I just thought, well, I I just
can't go home cuz if I went home, I
couldn't get back to Queensland. Yeah. I
sat in a hotel room And you want to be
stuck at home with your family. Yeah, I
know. It's the worst. But here's the
thing. So I wasn't expecting to do that.
I had didn't have like I didn't have a
computer, didn't have anything. I sat in
this hotel room with my iPhone for a
week, right? And man, did I digest some
reels in that time. But what I realized
and as I was watching heaps of them, I
was like, the ones that I for some
reason, regardless of the content,
regardless of what it's about, doesn't
matter whether it's a chick shaking her
ass or whether it's someone spitting hot
fire. Doesn't matter, right? There
There's some of them that just capture
me more than others.
And then I realized what it was and
there was a particular video that I saw.
It was a
It was like someone doing a TikTok dance
into a mirror. And then like the person
that was filming it was like, you know,
adjacent to the mirror and was filming
the reflection. So like there's reasons
why you do that and like I came to sort
of understand that videography wise. But
I caught a glimpse of the cameraman in
the reflection in the mirror and
realized he's got like a giant lens on.
And I was like, oh, it's compression. I
was like, the thing that catches me in
the vertical content is compression and
by that I mean long lenses, right? So
like zoomed in. So that the quality is
still the same, but it's zoomed in and
that gives a really different effect.
And and there's plenty of like YouTube
videos you can see out like to see the
difference between like a 15 mm lens and
a 200 mm lens, but with the subject the
same size. So you just keep moving the
camera back and it's not the same at
all, right? Like it looks really really
different. And so when I started filming
dog training ones, the dog training is
just like, okay, right? Like it's it's I
don't do anything amazing in it, right?
Like in none of those reels I do with my
dog is any of the training spectacular.
You know, I don't know anything about
dog training. I don't know about cuz I
like to say
but they're entertaining to watch.
Yeah. They And and there's something
about them when you watch them, you're
like,
like this is not how my eyeballs see,
right? Because your iPhone is like miles
away from that camera.
Yeah. So your iPhone is like a you know,
either a 22 to 26 mil lens depending on
the type one one that you have, right?
24 is like the human eye. Yeah, roughly,
right? That's kind of how you see it. So
for those of you don't know, like the
lower the number, the sort of wider the
lens, right? So like I think we're
filming that on a 24 because the 24 is
like the human eye. So for our standard
podcast like we want it to look like
you're in the room.
Yeah. So it's at the same eye level as
us, right? And then we're filming on a
24 lens in 24 frames a sec sorry, 30
frames a second cuz that's what we have
to upload because Facebook, Instagram,
and YouTube all use 30 frames a second.
Yeah. Right? But then that one, which is
the real camera, is further back with a
the longer lens on it. So it gives
compression. So it's like it's it's
well, like it's wide enough to where we
can edit it, but it's like it's tight
enough to where you're like, oh, like
this is Yeah. sort of like looking
through binoculars. So you feel like a
bit of a voyeur.
Yeah. And then that's exactly what it
is. Like you get the sense that you're
looking at something that wasn't made
for you. Yeah. Like when when things are
especially on a on a static tripod on a
tripod filmed at like, you know, 20 to
30 mil, it just kind of is like, oh, I'm
watching something filmed, right? And
and a lot like most movies are filmed on
either a 24 or 35 mm lens, right? So it
just feels kind of natural. That's what
I That's what things look like.
And what I found with the reels is
there's all these rules to
cinematography like the frame rates that
you film in like um there's there's lots
of different rules, but the number one
rule is horizontal. That's the number
one rule of cinematography because
cinema screens go across like this.
Yeah, yeah. So the second you're making
vertical content, you have broken the
first rule of cinematography, right? So
then I kind of had the idea. I was like,
I'm breaking them all.
I'm going to like
Totally [ __ ] dirt on Yeah, I was
like, once it's out the window, it's out
the window. Yeah, yeah. So that's why I
like the reels that I started making.
You can check out my Instagram
Oh, it's I changed the name. It's just
Pat Stewart now.
And that's a 200 mil lens and I'm like
100 m from that camera, but you can't
tell that. Like it's And the barrier to
entry is you need an incredible camera
to pull that off, which I have, right?
And I'm very thankful to our patrons
that bought it. But it's a Canon R5 that
has like incredible autofocus that can
snap onto me at that distance. Even most
cameras can't even identify you at that
range, right? Like that one can not only
attach to me, but I can make it attach
to the dog and so
Which we've used to shoot stories.
Oh. And shot stories at you know, 150 m
away
Yeah. that I can then zoom in and track
you walking the whole time so that your
head just stays completely What This is
Why do we do that?
Well, it fits the brand, right?
Well, yeah. And so no one else is can do
it. Oh, no one else does do it. They can
easily.
Yeah, yeah. Buy a $12,000 camera and a
$10,000 lens. Yeah,
it's not like that much, but something
$1,000 memory card. But it's on brand
with the sniper thing because it's like
we're looking through a scope. Like
that's why I I like it for the the sales
sniper brand and for you especially is
because it's on brand targeting. Like
it's it's it's on brand, you know, what
do you call it? Like visual messaging.
Yeah, like it it fits because it's like
it's through a scope and it's exactly
like a sniper would look at a target and
we're not you it fits the whole message
of everything we talked about is like
we're not machine gunning into the open
and hoping something catches, right?
Yeah. We have a very targeted approach,
a targeted audience. We know who we're
after and the idea is we're trying to
speak directly to them. Yeah. And and by
filming it in that way even gives a
greater sense of that. Like this is like
targeted that is straight for this
purpose and nothing else.
Yeah. So like if I if if I was to ask
you and you can ask me the same question
like what would you if someone's trying
to make a name for themselves in any
industry, whatever it may be, what is
like the baseline not from a gear
perspective we can go over that next.
What is the baseline that you would
recommend that somebody get out there to
the masses to actually be able to start
making some waves? I think that what I
would say first it is that you you
actually do need to be good. Oh, yeah. I
mean
I I should have said that's a
prerequisite, but
Yeah, but we I say that a lot. I say
especially in the dog training space
there's a lot of people and and and it
was me 10 years ago or more, all right,
where you're like hey guys I'm I'm
killing it. So like just make sure you
are killing it first. Yeah, yeah. All
right, like that you do have the skill
set that you think you have
comparatively. But I think you got to
just start putting content out there on
whatever platform you have and and
there's no barrier to entry in signing
up for all of them, but I think one of
the traps that I see is you know, people
trying to ride the back of controversy
and you will for sure you you can
increase followers very very quickly.
Like I just did a whole podcast on this
recently about how like if I wanted I
could get a 100,000 followers on TikTok
in a month. And I know exactly how.
Yeah, I just have to go and fight some
people. That that's it. Like I just have
to go and you know, there's different
camps in dog training. All I have to do
is stir up amongst them.
Yeah. Yeah, okay. And for sure I could
hit the algorithm and and get picked up
for sure, but that that audience would
not be a targetable audience. They're
not they're not my customers. They're
not people that
It's an ego metric.
Totally, right? And it would have no
value to me beyond making me feel good,
right? And it wouldn't make me feel good
to have to do that. So I think that like
my advice to people in in starting is
you know, be true to what you are and
want, right? And and post in accordance
with that, right? Like post in
accordance within your skill set and
with you know, the value that you're
trying to give. That has to be the core
tenant that like this is the value that
I'm trying to give and if this doesn't
result in any sales or conversions,
that's that's what it is, right? And in
fact I was creating online content for a
long time with nothing to sell, right?
Like I was just creating the value and
it wasn't until that I you know,
accidentally recorded something and was
like oh, I could sell that, right?
Because I and and then I had years of
people in the bank watching free stuff
and then when I was like hey
hey, I've got something to sell that
people like oh, cool. I'll buy it. Yeah.
I got I I got two funny stories on that
is like remember when we bought when we
got this office? Like the business was
doing well, but it like I think we had
reached 100,000 bucks a month by the
time we'd kind of opened this office,
right? Which is less than a much less
than like a a 15th of 20th of what we do
now, right? And it was only 18 months
ago, right? But I remember going like
okay, we have some money, but I don't
have enough money to do all the things I
want in this office and I'd never
sort of really actively asked for money.
We had like at the closing code which
we've had for like a long time. I've
never pushed that ever. Like it's like
the post script of all of our content.
Hey, just so you know, we have this
thing it's closing code it's like 50
bucks a week. You want to join? Join.
Cool. High five. Never run a marketing
funnel. I never will, right? But we did
this thing and I was like man, I like
I've been doing content for a long time
doing this podcast. We have viewers. We
have downloads. I was like I've never
asked anything from my audience. I've
always just given and that's a real
thing. Like if you're going to if you
want to do this like you have to want to
give.
Yeah. If you don't you'll give up
because I do it because I like sharing
knowledge. I think I have some things to
say. Otherwise I wouldn't talk so much,
right? But so it's like I have knowledge
to pass on. I'm good at a couple of
things. Hey, amazing. Take it. Hopefully
you get value from it. I'm not going to
charge anything for this like go for it.
Right? And I go man, I think I've done
enough.
And so I was like okay, I'm going to run
a course. My first time it was like I'll
actually do like a 6-week course. I'll
get people to it and I'll and I'll and
I'll charge three grand for it. If I can
get like a 100,000 dollars I can just
take that in and I can put that down and
I can get the fit out. Right? And so
we did it and then we charged $47 for
the master class and it was all charity.
So I was like we'll do a charity master
class and I'll pitch off the back end of
it. Right? So I kind of wrote everything
out, pitched and we did 150,000 on the
day. Nice. Right? Like collected. I was
like plus we got Will Hinkson out of it.
A bunch of our sales dudes because like
the way that it kind of works usually is
like I'm quite good at coaching
especially like when it's an intimate
environment and so those dudes generally
want to work for me.
That's kind of how it works, right? And
so we did that and I was like this is
amazing and like that was like wow, like
brand equity is so important and I was
like I then actively was like I won't do
anything for at least a at least 6
months. I will not ask for money again
because I now have cashed in my equity.
I need to build my equity back up so
that I can borrow against it later on if
required. We haven't really done another
one, you know what I mean? But then with
the closing code as well
like again, I don't know how people find
it.
Like it's at the bottom of things and
it's like in the Facebook group and it's
kind of this thing is a $40,000 a month
recurring coaching business. I could
sell it. Yeah. It is zero input. It just
utilizes my staff portal which I update
anyway because it's my staff portal.
Right? And like it's gone through
different iterations because like it
used to be like all zoom recordings. I
was like oh, that's trash. It doesn't
really reflect our brand very well. So I
redid it with good cameras and I'll
probably redo it again in the next 6
months because now we have much better
cameras and a much better studio and
update that content, but I I do that
because it benefits my staff anyway and
then we just turn off certain things.
You know what I mean? Cuz I don't want
them having all of our internal pros.
That'd be weird, Yeah. And so and it's
50 bucks a week, 25 for your first week
and you get five role plays a week plus
access to a lot of content. And like I
literally remember going like oh, what's
that? Like it's closing code. I was like
we make 40 grand a month?
I was like I was like what's our cost on
that and they said zero.
Jesus Christ. It's a 40 grand net per
month business which is the equivalent
of most businesses running 120 grand a
month.
Yeah, yeah. And and it's and it's that
is like literally pure content. Yeah. I
could just do nothing
but have that and I would be a very
comfortable living human being.
Yeah. And I wouldn't have to do anything
different than what I do now on a
day-to-day basis. I'd do a little less I
actually and if I pushed it I mean God
knows what would happen. Yeah. But it
it's crazy that like you know, that's
sort of like one of those things it's
like the harder you work the luckier you
get, but that's like years of me just
going this is a great value product.
It's just like hey, if you can't afford
sales training you can probably afford
that. Yeah. So it's like start there
guys. Yeah. High five. Start there.
Yeah. It's it's wild how that works out
and I know this is like sacrilege to say
on this podcast.
I'm aware of I can get myself into
trouble, but like I'm just not that
financially motivated a person, right?
Yeah. And it it's a happy accident for
me that that turned out to be the case.
So you know, like I twice a year or I've
got my online course. It's 500 bucks and
people buy that through the year sort of
trickles through. I don't really promote
it anywhere, but twice a year I'll put a
sale on at 50%, all right?
And I just it's one post. That's
literally I just put one post on
Instagram and say hey, it's 50% off. And
yeah, that's
the majority of my income comes from
that.
Twice a year. And but that's what like
that's what building a brand and
genuinely going out there and wanting to
give back to your community or give or
give to your community. I think makes
such a massive difference and I think
what I see just to kind of wrap this up
in a bow cuz we've been going for nearly
an hour now is like if you if your
intent to do content or do a podcast or
do a YouTube channel is like I will make
a ton of money from this
it's not going to happen.
No. But if your intent
is to go I'm going to do this because
one this is a good way for me to
kind of get my word out there and you
just enjoy it as a process
Yeah. and you get better at it and you
and you start to get better at content
and you start to kind of build out your
your gear. We went from iPhones to like
a good webcam to then a Sony a6400 and
then we went to a
FX3 and now we have multiple cameras and
yada yada yada, right? And it's just
next to the Ronin 4D, right?
Um and it's just
boss lady going to buy it. Right? It's
just a progression, but it's a natural
progression and it's like the intent
behind it all for me and you has been
let's just do it to give the content out
there Yeah.
like the reason why these podcasts come
up and they come down these YouTube
channels come up and why that guy has
talked about hasn't posted in 3 months
is cuz like he's just looking at it all
wrong. Like it's not the go, but this
will get you clients. But it may get you
clients through a means that you have no
idea how to track it. And it may just
make your sales calls a little bit
easier and it may get you a couple more
referrals and all this kind of stuff.
It's like and that will snowball, but
you have to do it for the long game. Now
listen, I understand that
administrationally it just it can be
difficult to do. It's lucky that you can
hire us to do it for you now where we
have a content repurposing business
where you can come to us, pay us money,
give us your podcast and then we'll edit
it, turn it into reels, post it, all
that kind of stuff, right? It's lucky.
It's lucky. It's fortuitous.
It's fortuitous.
That I've been employed to to run that
service. Exactly.
Right? So, if you do want that, make
sure you comment down below, get in
touch with us, go to the website. I
don't know. There's a link somewhere.
Just do something. Just do something.
But, um but in all honesty, I want you
guys to I I think there's there's room
for more podcasts, there's room for more
YouTube channels, there's room for more
Instagram. There is a tremendous need in
this world to get the information from
the people who have it to the people who
need it.
Yes.
And if you go about it and that is your
expressed intent, I think there is no
way that it fails. Yeah.
I agree.
Huzzah!
That's it.
All right. Well, if you like this stuff,
make sure you like, subscribe, hit the
notification bell. Uh share this to a
friend you think will get value from it.
If you have any questions about, you
know, starting a podcast or any of that,
just hit up Pat Stewart on his Instagram
and I'm sure he'll
hopefully walk you through stuff. But,
um yeah, guys, thanks for coming and
we'll see you in the next one. See you.
So, the arsonist had ugly shaped feet.
Sibilance.
All right. Hey, guys. What's up? I'm
Matt here and this is Coffee's for
Closers. This is another one with me and
Pat, back by popular demand.
We had one demand. Your mother rang me
and she demanded that you get back on
this podcast.
