Most sales training never gets results,
not because you can't be taught, but
because the people who are doing the
coaching have absolutely no business
coaching it. So, before you waste
thousands of dollars on sales training,
you need to watch this video. Now, I'm
going to break down exactly why most
sales trainers and most sales training
is pretty much worthless and how to spot
the good ones and what it should have
and what you should be doing in order to
get better at sales. The first one is
that most sales trainers are just
ego-driven trainers. And what do I mean
by that? I mean that they train to sound
smart. They don't train to actually help
people. I'll give you an example. So if
someone asked me a question like that is
like hey what do I say when someone's
like XYZ right just some random example.
Now I could answer that question but
it's useless without context. And so I
will usually refrain from answering
those questions because like I don't
want to give the wrong impression,
right? And so I'm going to ask a lot of
follow-up questions. But in like large
group environments sometimes you can't
do that because it might be a very niche
question. And so a lot of people will
give a throwaway answer. I won't do
that. I'd rather say, "Hey, it's a bit
complex for this environment.
Unfortunately, I just I can't answer it
for you." Right? Or I'll just ask a lot
of questions about it. And so I'm not
trying to be flashy. I also like uh
there's a lot of context required for
good quality coaching. People all not
all people should be coached the same.
And the same piece of advice that's
right for one person could be wrong for
the other person. I'll give you an
example. If I ask you, hey, what's the
if you're on a running track, what's the
fastest way to get around it? Well, if
you're a fast runner, then it's running.
Okay? But if you have no legs, then it's
on a wheelchair. If you're a baby, then
it's crawling. If you have a car, then
drive it. And most people do not.
They're not bothered. They just go,
"Mate, run as fast as you can. This is
what you do. You keep your hands up.
>> Do these ones, right?"
>> And they just answer [ __ ] questions
without even asking, "Well, do you have
legs?" You know what I mean? It's like
if I ask you to describe my hand, how do
you describe it? Right? Oh, there's a
callous and there's a scar there. And
I'm looking at it going like, "I don't
see any of that." It's like, "Oh, you
didn't ask what side of the hand we were
looking at." So there's an incredibly
important like feedback loop that has to
happen with quality coaching and
training. And most people are just there
to sound [ __ ] smart and they give the
same pieces of advice to everybody
because they think that they're correct.
Whereas I, for example, I know that I
have a good idea as to how I would
handle that situation and I can back up
the argument. But if you scream like a
Wookie and it works, brother, good. Keep
doing it. I am uh agnostic as to what
style you use. And so like for me like I
don't have a sty a sales style. I just
kind of do what I think works, but it
encompasses a lot of different things.
And so but if you're, you know, if
you're one style dependent and you're
only going to teach that style, it's not
going to help people, right? Or if
you're like a sales trainer that worked
in a company for 3 months and now all of
a sudden you're a sales trainer. Like
that's all you know. It's going to be
difficult. Okay, which drives into my
next point, which is the problem with
absolutes. If I say things like never do
follow-up, never ask for referrals, only
ever one call close, don't uh handle
objections, never get them, these are
like hot takes that say on the internet.
Like the reason why it's so stupid is
because like there's very few
definitives in the world, especially
when you're dealing with human behavior,
which is essentially what sales is. So
there's really no one-izefits-all
approach. like for me, okay, cuz I'm a
very forthright person. Like I used to
get tons and tons of uh refunds and
stuff like that because I was so
forthright and then I learned from a guy
who did really really hardcore selling
and it and it meant that like I was just
a nightmare on the phones. Like they're
horrible. I was just mean because like I
have that in me. Um, so sometimes on on
on like role plays and stuff like that,
I'll tell a guy to be the most arrogant,
horrible version of himself that he can
muster, but it's like a Canadian dude
who's like mega nice and he's like, oh
well, are you sure about that?
>> And they're like, whoa, gee golly,
Batman.
>> You know, and so like, but for him, like
that's what he needed to hear. Would I
tell like myself that? No, because I'd
call him a content. It'd be horrible.
And um like so again there there's no
definitives. It's just what works and
what works is going to be different for
different people and you only learn that
through my next point which is
experience. If you've only been selling
for a year or two or three a coach you
can't be maybe in a specific subject.
I've done like 50,000 sales calls. I've
had more nos than all of these people
have had calls. I've had more yeses than
they've all had calls. Um not all of
them but like some of these young sales
trainers and some of them are good and I
think the messaging is fine. However,
like the nuance of coaching is is
difficult because if you want to be a
good coach, you you have to remove your
ego from the equation and you have to
take in years of experience in order to
be effective to be able to coach a large
cross-section of the community. And if
you've only been in sales for a few
months, then that's not you're not going
to be a fantastic coach. doesn't mean
that you can't be valuable, but it means
that like if you're pretending to be
like the be all and end all of it, then
like it's just not going to happen
because you lack real experience.
Selling one style as well lacks real
experience. Selling in one niche, you
probably lack experience, right? Um and
selling one modality like you know cold
callers sell one way. I've never cold
called. I get asked all the time, "Hey,
you do some cold calling training." You
know why I don't guys? Because I've
never done it. I've done age leads but
I've never done cold calling. So I don't
feel comfortable teaching it. If
somebody asks me a question about it, I
can use deductive reasoning to give a
what I think is a half decent answer,
but I will defer to someone who I feel
is better than me. So yeah, and that
just comes with experience because I
think it's one of those things. It's
like what's that um the Krueger curve? I
can't remember what it's called
ironically, but it's like the more you
know, you more realize that there is to
know. Okay. And so like I know my limits
for example. All right. Which comes a
lot of it comes my next point which is
age. All right. I'm 41 years old and I
would have been a I am a far better
coach than what I was when I first
started in sales. And I first started in
sales when I was about 26, 27, something
like that. Um, it's when I was a
personal trainer, but I was basically
selling full-time. And I was in sales
for years before I even realized it
really. But like my life experience and
the amount of conversations that I've
had with people, it has given me a huge
leg up. And it's given me far more
compassion and it's allowed me like to
like I coach 20 year olds different than
I coach 40 year olds because there's a
different frame of reference. There's a
beautiful thing in marketing it's like
the lower of seven. So it's a lower of
seven years. So think of 18 to 25. You
know when you see those brackets they're
usually in sevenyear brackets. The
reason for that is because at 18 think
of yourself at 18 then at 25 you know at
25 then at 32 at 32 then 39. These are
vastly different. There's a lot of
different uh eras of your life. Okay.
And you know, with those come scars and
they come emotional burdens, both goods
and bads. It's also a little bit of
wisdom, but also the ability to be
compassionate when you see people making
mistakes. Okay? One thing I never do is
I don't get mad at people who don't buy.
You know who do that? You know who does
get mad at people they don't buy?
[ __ ] 22 year olds. You know why?
Because they think they know better,
right? You're looking at someone's life
through a keyhole. You have no right to
judge them, okay? because like they
would look at whatever they're good at
and if you're doing something stupid to
them like again you know life is life.
So I think like it's difficult to be a
really good coach when you're very
young. Okay. So here's what actually
works with sales training. Now I've been
a sales coach for a long time and I sell
full-time. That's my job. I have a sales
coaching program. It takes me 2 hours a
week. All the rest of that time I'm
selling full-time and I coach some teams
that I'm involved in. Um but I sell a
lot more than anything else. I sell my
product dollar.io, okay? Sponsored by
me. It's the best dialer on the planet.
If you want more help with dialing, if
you think that your team could get more
help with Outbound, go down below
dollar.io, book a call, and we'll chat
to you and me or somebody else will sell
you. What you really need is to do no
more than about an hour to two hours a
week of sales training. And you need to
listen to your own calls a lot more than
anything else. It's like 10% frameworks
and 90% doing because the like the doing
and getting feedback is like that's
what's important, but you really only
want one piece of feedback. I was one of
my guys, Josh, who runs a team of
committed coaches. I I coach him on how
to coach right now. That's what we're
that's what we're working on. And so he
was like, "Hey, so we're actually going
over like some of his coaching sessions
and I'm coaching him about coaching,
right? It's coaches that coach, coaches
that coach, right? But he now he does
full-time sales. Like that's pretty much
his job. But about 4 to 5 hours a week,
he's coaching his team. But he is
selling full-time. And so the big thing
was like one, figure out where they're
at, okay? If they're good, if they're
bad, if they're new, if they're
experienced, and always temper your
advice to that because the advice you
give someone who's good versus someone
who's not is very different, you know,
and that's the same as and if you think
of anything that you're good at, okay,
like how would you treat a beginner
versus someone who's advanced? along
with that as well is only give one piece
of real genuine feedback. Now, the
difficulty in being a good coach is
seeing 10 things that are wrong and only
really going after one. And that's a
difficult thing to do because a lot of
people want to give you all the feedback
because it makes them sound smart. Okay,
going back to number one, which is
coaching with ego. Okay. So, if I want
to make that person better, I need to be
disciplined enough to tell them, "Work
on this one thing and I'll see you next
week." All right. So, and it's different
for everybody, but most people cannot
handle multiple pieces of feedback and
it puts them into a spiral, which is why
when most people get sales training,
they only get worse. All right, guys.
Hope that was helpful. So before you go
and throw five or 10 grand at the next
sales guru, ask yourself, do they have
the scars? Do they have the coals? Do
they have the proof? Are they selling
you a dream? Or are they selling you
their dream? Right? So, um, heed my
words. Bye. Hey guys, what's up? Matt
here. And I've noticed that a lot of you
are not subscribed. So, what I want you
to do is like go over and hit the little
subscription. Uh, it really helps the
channel out. And if you like the kind of
content that I do and you're like, "Hey,
how can I get similar content but pay
for it?" Then I have a membership. You
can go over and join that at any stage
that you want. It's like $49 a month up
to about $200 a month. And we do like
live Q&As. We have a coaching call
nearly every single day. And there's
like well over 100 videos and I upload
like sort of private trainings and stuff
that I do all the time. So if you want
to check that out, go for it. uh you
know, sign up through YouTube, cancel
any time, all that kind of good
