Hey guys, what's up? In this video, I'm
going to go through in depth and answer
the questions of high level sales reps
from all different industries. This is
an exclusive insight into my membership,
which you can join somewhere around
here. You can just go and hit the join
button and it goes through all the
different options. But it's like an hour
and 40 minute Q&A that I do every single
week for the members and we go over in
depth through roleplay and we kind of
answer their questions, cruise doubt for
points. So enjoy the content.
What's up, man?
Hey there. How are you? Good.
Hey, so wait, is this just open for
everybody right now? Uh, yeah, it is
awesome. And I said on a registration
thing, but like it looks like there was
a [ __ ] or something in it. So, okay.
Yeah. Yeah. I've been able to join in on
the Australia ones and the Europe ones,
too. So, it's been working for me now.
Okay, perfect. Dude, how can I help? Uh,
yeah. So, I just got into my first
closing role. I'm working for a
marketing agency right now. um that
pretty much b or works with e-commerce
brands and optimizing their email flows
and their email marketing. And so I've
done about 21 qualified calls now. I've
closed five out of uh actually wait no
21 calls. Um let's see, I've closed five
and eight are follow-ups right now. All
of those follow-ups have been partner
objections. And so I'm trying to figure
out how to essentially pre-handle that
in discovery um the best way possible.
Uh just because everyone who's told me
so far is saying like you need to
address that in discovery because you
can't like fully pre-handle it. Yeah.
You know what I mean? So like what you
can do is put yourself in a better
position to be able to handle it. So you
know like what I would do is be like,
you know, does your does your partner
know that we're on this call? Are we on
a bit of a secret mission? you know, and
you can change that wording, but
something to that effect, if that makes
sense. Yeah. Right. Um and and then from
there, it's like, is your partner
supportive of you, you know, XYZ? You
know what I mean? And so, um, you know,
you can word it a number of different
ways. Stakeholders.
What's that? Sorry. If there's multiple
stakeholders, um, and let's say they're
like the CMO or something like that,
same type of concept. Yeah. So, well,
yeah. So, it's the same concept, but
like, you know, for like a B2B like
that, it's going to be slightly
different wording. and be like, "So,
what departments are who are the key
stakeholders that might be responsible
or might need to have an input when
making a decision like this?" Okay?
Right? And so then like you get the
decision makers and you get all of them
and then your goal is to get them all on
a call and you want to push the ball
forward. The key is to not get into the
EA's trying to deconlict schedules. What
you want to do is just set a meeting,
right? And be like, "Well, let's just do
same time next week and then you can add
everybody and if we need to change it,
we can change it, right?" Right. And
then what you do is you just get like
you get the meeting on the books and
then it's there and then if it needs to
be altered it can be. But the key is to
have the meeting. That's why B2B blows
out for most people. Yeah. Yeah. I know
because right now it's been like a
follow-up chase for me right now of just
going after all these people and like
they end up closing after like a week or
so. But if there's any way that I can
address that before, I didn't know if
that's something that like for B2B for
B2B if there are multiple stakeholders
like it's just very normal for it to
take a week or two or a month whatever
like and depending on the size of the
deal as well like I just closed a big
deal today and you know I've been I've
been I've been chasing that for I would
say like probably eight six weeks. Yeah.
Right. You know and it's like 100 seats
on the dialer and you know it's a large
company doing over 100 million a year.
150 million a year, right? They have 100
setters and like, you know, and I've got
another deal that I'm working with uh at
the moment with like the guys and like
I've been we've been trying to work that
out for two months because like there's
rollout plans and like tech
deconlictions and stuff like that and
it's like those things just take time
and if you become a super thirsty
[ __ ] right, like it just it
just doesn't go great, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. So that's I I remember when I was
going through your course, you were
talking about like making sure that you
track the objections that you hear at
the end so that you know what you need
to be working on. If it's truly
situation where there's just other
decision makers that aren't on the call
at the time, that's not something I
should be worried about in terms of like
my objection handling skills. It's just
more of like the natural process is what
you're saying. Exactly. And like you
know when you're when you're when you
are doing like a more B2B or more
enterprise level environment like that's
just part of the game. And then you want
to have like you you you want to be able
to um just share my screen real quick.
Right. um like you know like when when
you're in that enterprise level
environment you you want to have a
process that potentially extends it you
know what I mean and it's like you do
three intentional calls you do four
intentional calls or you do two you
don't try and shortcut things too much
you know what I mean then what that will
result in is that you know it it results
in you having more control over the
process whereas if you try and like if
you're sacrificing everything for
brevity. All you're going to do is end
up with less deals at the end of the
year. And B2B is like it's a long-term
game. Like you have to be willing to sit
in the saddle and farm something for six
months because it's worth it. You know,
make sense. And that's a question I'm
curious here. Would you go through
discovery with that specific person on
the phone? Let's just say the CMO was on
the on the call with you and not go into
the presentation yet until you have
other people on or is that kind of like
a fine line that you're balancing
between going ahead and pres or
presenting and then setting up another
call for later?
Um,
you know, I well, I'm never going to I I
will present, but I'm I'm I'm not going
to send the the big rule is that I'm not
going to send a proposal that I haven't
gone through with them. Okay? Right.
Like that's sort of the big one. I I
just I don't want to do that. Um and and
and like and like even if they ask for
it. Sorry, I'm just streaming this on
YouTube. I'm just going to see if it's
working. If you can actually hear the
thing. Um because I don't know that it
will. Can you can someone talk? Hello.
Hello.
Can you hear us? Yeah, you can. Sweet.
Excellent. All right. Cool. Um okay, so
yeah. So, uh, you know, don't send out
proposals, okay? Uh, you know, like
never ever do that. Like I'll have
companies be like, "Okay, so send us a
proposal." Like, "Yeah, hey, I'm more
than happy to do that." What I'll do is
like we are pretty flat out with people
like like asking for proposals right
now, but what I'll do is I'll I'll try
and get it over to you beforehand, but
worst case scenario, what I'll do is
I'll I'll take you through it on the
call, but I'll I'll do my best to get
over before, right? And that usually
kind of diffuses it and then I'm not
giving it to them before. Yeah. So
you're only showing them when you get on
the call with them. Oh yeah. I'm going
to walk them through it on the call
because all people do like you can look
and like they've done studies on this
and they've done like heat mapping and
when you send someone a proposal they go
top left, bottom right.
So they look for the uh who it's
addressed to and then they look for the
end price and everything you put in the
middle is [ __ ] garbage, you know? And
so like you know it just ends up being
[ __ ] And so you want to walk them
through it. And there's a difference
between a deck and a proposal. Yeah.
Right. And so um and then there's a
difference between a deck proposal and
contract. Right. So what you want to do
is you want to go through your deck,
right? And then get approval on proposal
and then send out contracts.
Okay? And if you're on the let's say
you're on the call with them in that
moment and they ask you about the price,
right? You're not going to price drop
until you get on the phone at the end of
the day with everybody else. So that for
B2B, I'm giving price range for sure,
but I can't give specifics, right? But
I'm not going to like I'm not going to
you know if there cuz like you know if
there's budgets in play as well like if
there's departmental budgets you know
then you might have to get them to pull
from other budgets or you need to know
what you're working with because also
with certain levels of procurement cycle
there's um like checks that a company
will have to go through if you hit
certain thresholds. And so you're
sometimes better off having a smaller
deal,
right, that gets through the line and
doing a land and expand model instead of
trying to pitch the large solution
first, especially if you're a new
vendor. Yeah. Right. Right. Because you
might have to go through like vendor
authorization, stuff like that. I don't
know what size the deals are, but like
you know, um but yeah, it's just sort of
dependent. And in certain countries,
they might even do like equity and
diversity [ __ ] checks and stuff like
that, right? It's not that complicated,
but I I see where you're going with
that. I appreciate that. Okay, cool. Uh,
all righty. Anyone else got any
questions? Mr. Nick, what's up, man?
What's happening? All right. Um, so just
a quick summary of where we're at. We're
doing well. Numbers are good. We're
selling the coaches and consultants,
lead genen, and sales recruiting. Like,
we play salespeople in their business,
too. And it's just me as a closer. And
then we have a setter. Every time we've
brought on another closer with me, it
like never works. Okay.
And so we're saying our set calls are
closing at 72%.
So we're thinking we need more setters.
We don't need another closer. Would you
agree with that?
I mean, it's like it's a um I would say
like it makes no sense that no closers
worked out. Like that to me like you
have to do an assessment like are you a
unicorn,
right? No. No. Like what you like
because you might be like you can No,
you don't have to be humble. Like it's
fine if you're kind of seems it kind of
seems nobody can freaking do this
profitably. Profitably then your
marketing sucks. that you you have to
take now it doesn't mean that like so
you have to take that into account right
like your marketing is is is not good
enough to s like for a normal ass rep to
be successful or your process is too
stilted. So, like that means that like
if if you add setters to that, like that
might be a good way because you can fill
you up. But what you should do is try
and figure out secondary funnels that
are going to allow a regular ass rep to
be successful because like if I can sell
it, it doesn't really matter. Like
because I can sell things, right? Um,
and I and I've been a part of teams
where I was like the main rep like when
I was like when I was I mean I I sell
basically full-time these days anyway,
but like um when I was selling for other
people. Um and uh like they would be
like, "Oh yeah, and they'd optimize for
me." And I would tell them, "Dude, you
can't do that. I'm like I don't want to
be arrogant, but I'm too good at this
for you to optimize off me. You're going
to break your marketing." So, if they're
optimizing off you and you've cracked
the code on how to sell what you're
selling and are you one of the owners
like No. Uh, no. Not really. No. Okay.
So, you're just the sales guy? Yeah.
Yes. I What is a different question
then? Uh, the answer would be yes. Get
as many people in front of you as
humanly possible so you can win as many
deals as possible. Um, and like why get
an override on the salesperson, too?
Yeah. you're going to have to have a
different that your best way to do it
would be to um create phone number only
leads and then because like when you say
it's not working my argument to that
would be how much time are they given to
not be good
right because most people suck at things
for a pretty significant amount of time
and are just not given an opportunity to
stop sucking right um and and so like if
if uh like uh HubSpot did a study it
takes the average rep 90 days to ramp
up. Now, if I'm giving someone inbound
book calls that cost me 250 bucks or
400, let's say 500 bucks, right, to sit
that coal and they close one in 10 and
it's a 5k deal and they want 10%. I tell
them to go [ __ ] themselves. Yeah. Yeah.
Right. But if I give them uh like say um
if if I if I give them say $10 phone
numbers and I say hey brother for the
next 30 days go to town I'm going to
give you higher percentage of commission
right and or I'm going to you know what
I mean and I'm going to be like but you
have to show me because I need you to
cut your teeth on these leads and I need
you to make mistakes
and I just need you to pitch three to
four people a day and once you get to a
100 pitches then we're gonna then we're
going to assess you and put you on
inbound, right? Uh because like
otherwise like you're just setting up
people to fail. Um and and and you want
a team of mediocre reps
because if you're if you're you know
like you want the Mahers of the world.
I'm just kidding me here. Right. Right.
[ __ ] you. [ __ ] you, man. Right. Be
better and I won't make fun of you so
much. You little [ __ ] Right. Right. Um
but uh No, Mirror's actually very good.
He just needs to realize that. Um, so
like if like if I want to make someone
better, I need to give them the
opportunity and I want to have them like
go through that process, you know what I
mean? And then uh like h have a team
full of mediocre people because that
means that my marketing is successful
because if you rely on unicorns then
your marketing is actually kind of [ __ ]
you just have someone who can figure it
out. And like that's not a sustainable
business model, but it puts you as the
sales rep in a unique position to be
able to tell those dudes to go [ __ ]
themselves and demand whatever you want.
And I suggest you do that, right? So
when we hire setters though, all they
want to do is become a closer. Yeah.
Well, they're idiots. So like say, you
know, like or you hire overhire setters,
right?
over hire and fire quickly. Yeah. You
know, like you don't do anyone a favor
by like keeping them around, right?
Because they're not able to be
successful in the venture in which
you're in. So like allow them to go
spread their wings and be successful
somewhere else. But you're better off
having people like I don't think the the
setter to closer transition is like I've
never really seen it done that well.
I've seen people like I've never like I
don't know any dudes that like used to
be savage setters and are now savage
sales reps. Like do you? I can't think
of any. No. For us it's just filtering
out the shitty people like Yeah. But
just have them do outbound and close
their own deals.
The So get you full. Get you full by
whatever means necessary and then
everything else is just a phone number,
right? And that's nice and cheap. And
then they call, book their own calls or
do outbound and just sell. And that
gives them the opportunity. Like give
them a month, you know? It's like, "Hey
man, just sit on the calls for six,
seven hours a day, you know, make your
dials, do your pitches, get used to this
[ __ ] I don't expect any sales for the
first two weeks." If you say that kind
of stuff like, and you give them cheap
leads, have them do the old leads, have
them do reactivations, you know, give
them a pool of leads that are cheap.
First week, nothing but cancellations,
reschedules, and no shows. Second week,
you know what I mean? leads that are 14
days or plus old. Third week, new leads,
right? If they close deals, fourth week,
one/ird inbound, two/3s outbound. Fifth
week, half and half. By week six, week
seven, they're full-time inbound. And
they're actually pretty good,
right? And then you just have your, you
know, cuz like you can't create a team
of Steph Curry. You want to create a
championship team, not an all-star team,
right? So like you t you heavily lead
route to yourself. So you are always
full. You do a waterfall method of sales
management. So it's not rotator, it's
not, it's waterfall. Go one pool fills,
then the next one fills. You are full
before anybody else gets a call. Yeah.
Right. And then if a call of yours
cancels and a call of old Joe Shitlips
over here, right, it gets sent over to
you because you are full before anybody
else is full. And then they have their
outbound. And then when they get better
and better and better and better, that
is how you grow your sales team
successfully,
right? Yeah, man. I'm with you. All
right, cool. Mir, thanks. What's up,
bro? I want to I want to role play. Oh,
do you get into it? Yes. What do you
want to role play? Uh, I want to do
outbound uh a setting call for outbound
for uh selling someone into cyber like
career change. Okay, I'm aware of it.
You know it. I wonder why.
Okay. Who's a Who's the prospect? Uh,
who wants to be the prospect?
I'll prospect for you, mate. Oh, yeah.
Let's do it. All right. Let's do it. All
right. It's an outbound, you said. So,
like outbound optin. Yeah, outbound.
Yeah. I can't see your full name. I can
just see Whitehead. Um, you can call me
Whitehead. It's okay, man. I'll forgive
you. No, no, it came down. Gareth. Okay.
Ring ring. Hey Gareth.
Yeah. Who's this? Hey Gareth. It's just
me here buddy with Cyber Evolution. How
you doing?
Yeah. Okay man. Who did you say you're
with? Cyber Evolution. Looks like you
inquired I think of sometime yesterday
about like a possible career change so
you could, you know, make more money,
more freedom, all that jazz. Do you
recall? Uh yeah. Yeah, man. I was just
like taking a look at a couple things on
the internet. What's up? For sure, man.
What was it that kind of attracted your
attention into wanting to, you know,
possibly get into cyber so you could,
you know, make more money, more freedom,
all that jazz? Like what was that
intention? Just curious, man. Uh yeah,
pretty much that. Okay. And what were
you hoping to get out of like possibly
getting into cyber though, just to see
if I can help? I mean, I' I've got a
friend who uh he says it's pretty hot
right now. Guys are making a ton of
money, so uh thought maybe why not
inquire, you know? Okay. And what are
you doing at the moment career-wise?
Uh, I work uh I work construction, man.
Oh, construction. Nice, man. How how
long you been doing that for?
Gosh, man. Uh, 15 years or so. 15. Okay.
One of the new guys over here. One of
the you stoalling stealing my jokes,
man. What are you going to do with you?
All right. And so, do you you've been
doing it for 15 years. I mean, do you do
do you like the the job you're doing?
Yeah, it's okay, man. What do you What
do you like about it? Uh, it pays pretty
well. You know, make pretty decent cash.
Okay. I mean, sounds like you're killing
it, man. Making decent cash. I guess is
there anything you change about, I don't
know, just maybe the hours you work or
just just the day-to-day nature of what
you do if you could. Uh, I'm getting
old, man. Uh, construction is not easy
on you. So, that kind of the rationale
or the motivation behind it, I guess, is
like, yeah, just don't want to be
working so hard anymore, man. want to
sit behind a desk, you know, drink a
beer at lunchtime, chill out. All right.
Okay. I mean, besides, you know,
drinking a beer at lunchtime, like what
what are you noticing like physically,
if anything? Like, how's that showing
up? I'm 40 40 years old now, man. My
knees are uh one knee replacement later,
so it's getting rougher.
Okay. I mean, there's there's people in
construction that are 62, man. So, what
what's kind of shifted recently that has
you, you know, actually looking at
making this a priority now, though?
Uh
just sick and tired of the like I'm 40
years old, man. Uh just had a knee
replacement and I'm kind of asking
myself what's what's next, you know? Is
other knee going to go? Is the hip going
to go? Is the back going to go? Then
what? You know? Okay. So So what's next
then?
I have no idea. That's why I jumped on
with you, man. Two. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Where are you trying to [ __ ] go?
Where are you going? Trying to find a
You're going a You're going a memory.
You already set the pain point. His
friend's making a ton of money. That
means then then why did he say he's
making good money again? Good money.
What does good money though?
You're going down. You're taking a
stroll, buddy. You gotta start like You
gota start jugging. You got to start
like, "Hey, Gareth."
Yeah. Hey, Gareth. It's just Matt from
Cyber Evolution, buddy. How are you?
Yeah, good here, man. What about you?
Hey, good man. It um you know, it just
say Sorry. Uh yeah, man. Yeah, I'm from
I'm from Cyber Evolution, buddy. It just
looks like you inquired about, you know,
about uh possible career change. Is that
right? Yeah. Yeah. I was looking that
yesterday. Yeah. Okay, cool. What kind
of sparked your interest? Uh
I mean I've got a mate who uh he's
working in the cyber industry right now
and he's making pretty decent cash. So
thought why not look into it man. So
that's kind of my motivation. Okay. So
besides that like you know why sort of
look into it? Are you not making decent
cash now? Like what's the sort of
motivation behind it? No, no. I'm I'm
doing fairly well right now, man. But,
uh, yeah, my my friends are doing
I mean, fairly well compared to like
I mean, when I look at myself like 10
years ago, I'm doing fairly well now,
but just wanting a bit of a change, man.
And how old are you? Uh, 40 years old
now. 40 years old. All right, cool. So,
are you where you thought you'd be?
Where you want to be? Uh, not quite
where I thought I'd be. Okay. Uh, yeah.
Yeah. Not Not quite where I thought I'd
be at this point, man. Okay. So, what's
the kind of reason for looking for a
change?
Uh, it's getting older, man. Not really
happy with what I'm doing right now.
Super super labor intensive. I feel like
I can scale much quicker, make money
much easier. So, I mean, it's I mean,
you've been doing it for a while, right?
So, it can't be all doom and gloom. So,
you know, like besides just making more
money, like what would you change about
what you're doing if you could?
I just I I don't want to work so hard
for the money I make. You know what I
And when I say when I say hard, I mean
it's like I just don't want to be
slaving away on a construction site for
10 12 hours a day, man. Well, at least
we know that you're a worker, right? So,
at least we know whatever you know,
whatever we do, if you decide to do
something, you're actually going to move
forward and do it, you know? There's not
like a a laziness factor there, you
know? And so, like I just want to I just
want to like, you know, understand the
rationale. What's the main reason for
looking to career change to be able to
kind of ascend your career instead of
just, you know, just grind it out, work
harder, and kind of do more of what
you're doing now?
Um
because I don't know how much more time
I have in this man. Okay, that makes
sense. Yeah. Okay, cool. So, pause. Let
me hear it. Right. So, what you're doing
is like you're you're you're meandering
around the points. Okay. Instead of
going straight into them and because
you're you're trying to be like an
overly professional, polite version of
yourself, right? You are at your best
because I know you very well. You are at
your best when you are more pointy with
your conversation,
right? You don't in the beginning of a
call you don't have the luxury of
vagueness. Yeah. Because what happens is
like at the top of a call it decides the
acceptable parameters of what's next.
And so if you allow meandering and vague
conversation you open up to a lot of
variables and possibilities. Yeah.
Right. I'm sure that uh average AVR or
whatever his name he says I'm a terrible
coach online.
[ __ ] you buddy. Right. I'm streaming
this on YouTube, so you've got all the
[ __ ] dirt. Right. I'm I'm sure I'm
sure he can articulate this very well,
right? Um but hopefully he starts rage
rage commenting. Um so it just boosts
the algorithm is good. Um so like like
if you look at the if the conversation's
like this, right? Your job is to take it
like that. It's why a funnel, right? If
you think of a marketing funnel, y it's
like go broad with your targeting and
then with you're bringing people down to
a decision point to opt in, buy
something, whatever, right? And you're
doing that through disqualification.
You know what I mean? And so, but with
um but with sales, you're doing it
through specificity of conversation. You
can't be having if the more vague it is
at the top, the more vague it will be at
the bottom. So, you have to get on track
quickly. Yep. Yep. Right. So you need to
be more pointy with your conversation.
So do it again, but this time like
pointy meaning like specific, right? Be
specific. Yeah. Like if I ask like, oh,
you know, like what's shifted, you know,
like what's the motivation behind it? Or
if I go, what's really shifted recently
to where you're looking to get out of
what you're doing and get into something
where it doesn't require manual labor.
If I can say the difference, it's like
the difference between Mah and Matt is
like Matt forced me into an answer. Mah
gave me five too many options. Yeah,
it's like I was like, I don't know. My
friend is making some money. Well, okay,
your friend aside, man. Like, what's
shifted for you, though? Like, your
friend doesn't matter. Why you though?
It's like I have one way to go,
right? Like, you straight away went into
like, you know, okay, friend aside, like
what shifted you though? You then put it
on like what? Who cares about this,
right? Yeah. Like, you know, we have a
girlfriend in Canada. I get it.
Fantastic. you know, like it's like
let's talk about you. Let's talk about
your problems. Let's talk about what
you're doing, you know, and then let's
let's start to get that around so that
we can start to uncover the reasoning.
If someone's like, "Oh, I've been
putting it off for a while. What shift
your reason though?" You know, so it's
about identifying those things and like
the more the more like tighter you can
bring it in. When you get to that
rationale question or you get to
something like, you know, like a you
know, more solutiony type question,
you're going to ask down the line then.
Yeah, man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Straight line, baby. Hey guys, what's
up? Matt here and I've noticed that a
lot of you are not subscribed. So, what
I want you to do is like go over and hit
the little subscription. Uh, it really
helps the channel out. And if you like
the kind of content that I do and you're
like, "Hey, how can I get similar
content but pay for it?" Then I have a
membership. You can go over and join
that at any stage that you want. It's
like $49 a month up to about $200 a
month. And we do like live Q&As. We have
a coaching call nearly every single day.
And there's like well over hundred
videos and I upload like sort of private
trainings and stuff that I do all the
time. So if you want to check that out,
go for it. Uh you know, sign up through
YouTube, cancel any time, all that kind
of good stuff. And anyway, back to the
video. Bye. Cuz I've seen your a lot of
your calls as well. Like in the
beginning, you have a few different
questions you ask and but then once it's
too rational, it's it's pretty much the
same. Yeah. Well, because like I like I
don't personally think that like there's
a big need for like large problem
sections like problem awareness
sections. Like the problem is relatively
self-evident. the marketing's done the
job of that, right? You know, the
marketing has made them problem aware.
Like, if they're here for fitness, they
know that they don't know how to lose
weight. They're not losing weight.
That's the problem. If they're there for
cyber, like they're either there because
like they're sick of working, they're
they're either stuck in the position
that they're in because they don't have
the more advanced skill set and they're
already in tech and they want to move up
or they're like trades that want to get
off the tools, right? Or they're like
say um empty nesters that don't have a
skill set. and this is a good way for
them to get back into the job market. So
once you identify that problem set, you
can put them in the bucket and it's
relatively simple to take them down
through that into that rationale
question and then you can start opening
up criteria and you can go on to
solution. So you don't have to spend a
great deal of time on it and the more
you do the more complex and convoluted
the rest of the conversation will
become. Yeah.
Yeah. So do it again with Gareth and be
more pointy. Okay, let's do it. Ring
ring. Hello. Hey Gareth.
Yeah, this is him. Who's this? Yeah.
Hey, Gareth. It's just me here, buddy
with Cyber Evolution. How you doing?
Yeah, doing well, man. You said you're
with who? Yeah, Cyber Revolution, buddy.
Uh, you inquired sometime yesterday
about like a possible career change so
you can, you know, make a career shift
into like a highpaying flexible
industry. Do you recall? Oh, yeah. Yeah,
man. I remember seeing that ad. Yeah.
Yeah, man. What was it that kind of I
guess attracted your attention and made
you want to, you know, even possibly get
into cyber like was that intention?
Uh yeah, man. I've got a uh cousin.
She's in the cyber industry and she's
doing really well. And uh yeah. Okay.
Looked into myself and found you guys.
Yeah. Okay. And cousin aside, man, my
cousin's in NASA, but I'm not, you know,
going to jump into NASA tomorrow. So,
what was your kind of intention out of
wanting to possibly get into cyber? Like
what's the goal? Uh yeah, man. I'm just
looking to make more or less the same
income, if not more, but just like less
intensive right now. I mean, I'm in a
pretty shitty industry.
Yeah. Yeah. Like I I work in
construction, man. It's not easy. It's
It's like long hours, tough on your
body. It's it's it's it's pretty [ __ ]
Okay. How long you been in construction
working the long hours for? Gosh, man.
20 years now. 20. Jeez, man. Okay. Okay.
So, what's kind of shifted recently
though that has you wanted to possibly
reduce the work hours after 20 years?
Uh, realistically, man, my body's just
starting to give out. My mind's starting
to give up. I had Yeah, knee replacement
last year. Jeez. And yeah, just not uh
not super thrilled with life right now,
mate. Okay. And I guess besides just,
you know, the physical thing you're
noticing, is there anything you change
about I guess just the hours you work?
You don't need that. You don't need
that. Cuz I felt like he gave me quite a
lot. You can go to rational straight
away. You don't need rational. Cuz
typically I was going to like book them
in for the next call, but he gave me so
much already. Like is that enough to
just just literally book the call? Yeah,
that's enough. Yeah. Yeah. Jeez, man.
That was much better. That's like 2
minutes then. Yeah, dude. If a set call
is longer than like 5 minutes, I don't
know what you're doing. Yeah.
I've seen yours like that are three two
minutes, one and a half minutes. It's
[ __ ] crazy. Yeah. Like what what I
don't understand what you're trying to
get. You know what I mean? Like Yeah.
You just, hey, you have problem, we have
solution. Boom. Don't waste time after
that. Y like all you're going to do is
end up driving too much of a need and
then they'll go and find a solution in
between now and the sales call. Yeah,
it's happened. Yeah, it's your fault. I
know. That's good.
Yeah, that's enough.
Absolutely. What else do you need? [ __ ]
bro. All I need is a name here. A name
and a product. That's it.
Hey man, I have a question for Mahir.
Yeah. Hey, why are you why are you are
you gay?
Why are you gay? I've seen that one.
That was funny. Yeah. Why Why do you
have a trepidation to saying your name
in the very beginning?
Uh what do you mean? You You don't say
your name. Oh, my name? Yeah, I do. My
name is literally me here. No, no, no.
I'm saying that when you role play, you
skip over your name. Oh, really? That's
by mistake. That's That's probably by
mistake. Yeah. Yeah. Cuz they that
they're triggering self resistance.
They're like, "Who is this?" You're just
saying this is [ __ ] I didn't I didn't
even realize that. You don't even say
your name.
Yeah. Yeah. You have a nice name. Say
it, man. Yeah. I just [ __ ] forgot.
He's
here. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, bro. All
right. Who's Who's next?
Right. Who's next? Otherwise, I'll just
one for you if you don't mind. Go, go
for it. All right. Uh the pretty much a
a lot of my closed deals right before
they buy, they go into this long
uh list of questions and I literally see
them like coming up with these questions
and it's before they buy. And it's good
sometimes because then they buy, but
then sometimes I feel like it it doesn't
work and they kind of like talk
themselves out of it. And I've
What's up? What are the questions? Like
about the the product, about the
service, but like kind of ridiculous
questions. How many video editors do you
have? Um how many do you want? Yeah.
Well, yeah. Well, and and I'll just
straight up tell them the questions
you're asking me right now don't matter.
And sometimes that works and sometimes
it doesn't.
Do you have So, I would um What's How's
your pitch laid out? Like, how do you
present your offer? Discovery, pillars,
commitment, price. What are what are the
pillars, though?
Uh
front-end packaging. Like, so we're
going to make your offer. We're going to
build your sales process. We're going to
get traffic to the funnel and then we
place a closer in there to remove you
from the sales role. Okay. Then what?
Essentially, do you like it? Yeah. Five
grand. So really 7500. You'll give me
money. You'll give money now. Yeah.
And we do a price drop. So we just say
7500 and we have a fast action discount
for anybody that makes a decision here.
Huh? You [ __ ] Why? Why do you say
that? It's actually action. [ __ ]
discount. Why? Why? So, what happens if
I want to buy tomorrow? Do you give me
the discount? No. No, I can't. [ __ ]
[ __ ] What What we would do in that
case is we would have you leave a
completely refundable deposit of $1,000.
And that locks you into the five grand
price point. So, what if I say no to
that, but I'm say at 9:00 am tomorrow,
I'm going to give you a call and I'm
going to give you five grand. And if you
don't take my five grand, then it's a no
for me.
can't take it. Okay. Well, that's cool
then. I like that. Um I'm okay with it
if you're like that. I don't think you
need it. I think just sell it for 7500.
Um sell less people, make more money,
right? Like right, what's your close
rate?
So live call the close rates like 24%,
offer to close rate is like 48%. So
offer everyone why why don't what's your
credit? What's your criteria for not
offering? They'll hang up on me. Like
they'll just
stop. Yeah. I haven't heard you, but I
feel like I'd like it. Um, so
Okay. Um, well, okay. So, are your is
your you have one pillar? It's like,
hey, this is what we do,
right? Yeah. Like, okay. So, I I would
say if you're getting a lot of those
questions, you need to address them with
like beefing out a little bit. Like most
people have two big big of a pitch, but
it's it sounds like your pitch is like,
"So, we get leads and then give you a
closer." Yeah. Yes. Yes. We high-fiving
or what are we doing? Come on, bro.
Yeah. And then you mindset frame the
living [ __ ] out of people. Is that what
you do? I What do you mean by that? Like
you just railroad people with objection
handling through mindset.
Yeah. Or or I'll or or I'll tell them to
get off the call and then that's when
that's when they buy. Ary, you're
getting people with daddy issues. All
right. Well, I think that what you can
do is have a little bit of a more
nuanced pitch, right? So, break it down
into a couple of distinct uh like give
them a process. People feel confident
with a process, right? So, it's like
step one, we're going to get you
traffic. The way in which we do that is
this and here's our three-step formula
and it's an overview of the things and
then you get by and you go, "Okay, so
you understand that we have to get you
traffic first. Does that make sense?"
Yes. Okay, cool. Would that help you?
Any questions? It's no good. All right.
Step number two is now we have to send
that traffic somewhere, right? So, we're
going to create a landing pages, lead
funnels. There's a lot of different ways
to do that, and I won't bore you with
all of it because there is no
oneizefits-all. Has to chop and change
over time. You know what I mean? But
we're going to create a place, right, a
funnel for those people to go to. And
then we're going to be adjusting that
and figuring out what works best for you
to get people into your sales process.
Now, once they're in there, obviously,
you don't want to be doing the sales for
the rest of your life. Do you want to be
doing sales for the rest of your life?
No, I don't. Why not? Well, because then
I can't work on the business. Work in
the business. Exactly. So, our last
pillar is about removing you from that
process and giving you the freedom to
actually work on your business by giving
you a closer, putting them and getting
the leads through the funnel by the
traffic that we generate. Do you feel
like that process would help you get out
of the business so you can actually work
on it faster? Yes. Why is that? For this
reason. Is there anything specific about
what I've gone through that you feel
like will be a will give you the most
amount of benefit right now though to
move the needle for you? Yes. This. What
is it about that? Okay, cool. In order
for us to put the resources into your
business so that you can actually have
the traffic, have a good conversion
cycle, make that MQL to SQL conversion,
get a good closer, because hey, if it's
a [ __ ] funnel with [ __ ] leads, a good
closer isn't going to want to come, are
they? No. So, in order for us to get
those resources, the funding required is
$5,000. How do you want to proceed from
here? Is that better than your pitch?
Because I just made it up.
Yeah. I mean, yeah. You know, right? So,
like it's like I probably didn't give
that much more detail, but I I fleshed
it out a little bit. Yeah. Right. And I
gave a series of outcomes,
you know what I mean? And then I tied it
back to goals in which they probably
want. Right. Right. Right. You know what
I mean? And I'm starting the call real
quick. Just I'm starting the call with
what brings us to the call. And that's
fine. I I started call how can I help?
Yeah. most vague entry point ever. I So
I feel like I'm giving them so much
control there because if sometimes they
Yeah. question,
can I can I show you? Yeah. I mean, have
you ever had the feedback that you sound
like an [ __ ] on Nicole?
Uh, no. Not really. No, cuz like you
like you're you're very Yes, I have.
Yes. Yes. No. Yes. Yes. Yes. Even my
mother thinks I'm an [ __ ] No. So,
yeah, you you're giving me and I
honestly I don't mean this in a bad it's
probably a good it's a good default.
You're giving me kind of like uh a bit
[ __ ] vibe and and I mean that in the
best possible way in the same way where
like half people on this call think I'm
an [ __ ] Like it's fine. I don't it's
fine. I'm I'm I'm very cool with it.
But, you know, being able to use your
tonality,
you know what I mean? And even like
squaring up right now. So, see how
you're kind of offkilter like this?
Yeah. See how when I talk to you like
this, it makes me seem a little bit less
interested in you. But if I talk to you
like this, I'm a little bit more
interested. Okay? And where your camera
is, like you're looking like this. So
your camera's down at the bottom. So
like you're
right, put your camera in the middle.
And it's little things like that. It's
sort of, you know, um that like show
interest in the person and so your
tonality is read better,
right? you know, um there are a lot of
little things like that that that make a
large difference. Like you don't want to
have a camera below you. You always want
to have it like at or slightly above
you. You know what I mean? Having it
below you is a very intimidating. Like
if I did all my calls like sort of like
this,
hey guys, what's up?
You know, like I I am better than you
and I know it like this. You know, it's
kind of a ridiculous way of being,
right? So, um, and then if I'm like
offkilter and stuff like that, like I
want to show my interest and I want to
use like if we're going to be on Zoom,
we might as well use it to our advantage
so that we can showcase body language
and and and use it, right? You know,
because like if I want to show my
interest, like if I lean out, like if
someone's telling me stuff, I can go,
"Okay, okay." And what I can do, I'm
quite a big guy, right? Like I'm like
240, 6'2,
you know what I mean? So like I'm not a
small human and I'm covered in tattoos
and used to kill people for a living. So
I can be intimidating to some people. So
I give myself more space, right? Like
this. And this is how I sit like on a
sales call to begin with, right? Because
I can like use the space and then when
someone's giving me like what they want,
I come in like this. Oh, okay. Oh, that
makes sense. Yeah, cool, man. And then I
like bring it back out when I want to
explain something,
right? So like like that it like you
know they're all little things but
they're very easy to do and they mimic
more normal conversation and it just is
more normal you know cuz like you're
interested in what I'm saying now and I
can see it you're like this
I know you're interested whereas if
you're like yep uhhuh yeah yep okay it's
like even if you are interested you seem
like a douchebag
okay you know right so you know I would
I would say if you fleshed out the um
this is being this is on YouTube, right?
So you can just go watch this. Um so you
can take that pitch, flesh it out, make
it into a process, get buying at
multiple points, tie it back to a
problem. Remember how you said that you
were, you know, kind of struggling for
consistency and that made it so closers
were kind of bouncing in and out of your
business. Well, what we do is we create
a consistable, repeatable yada yada
yada. What that's going to do is going
to attract high quality talent,
right? because like you're only you're
only going to get as good of a rep as
what your business is good,
you know, and so does that make sense?
Like yeah, sweet. And you know, and then
you they're like, "Oh, okay." And now
it's not just like, "Hey, trust me,
bro."
All right. Five, [ __ ] off, you know. Um
and I think you'd probably end up
getting, you know, an extra five, six%.
Those people and get less questions and
get more buy in. You probably have a
couple refunds every now and then, I'm
assuming. you know, it's all right. Hey,
hey, you're better off being more on the
schlappy slappy make daddy happy side
than you are on the more passive like,
"Please, sir, can I have a sale?" Right?
So, you're better off being on the side
that you're on and then using tonality
and body language and a better pitch to
be able to, you know, soften it a little
bit and then you can bring in the
schlappy slappy when you need to, right?
Yeah. Sweet. Awesome. All righty. Uh,
let's go. Next person. I got a few more
minutes because the
I reach I I canceled the sales call I
had coming up. Book a sales call with
me. Got zero. Got zero sales team. Wants
a dialer. Got no no no no no no one who
needs to dial leads. Like what do you
want to do? Just have a chat? No, I'm
good. Thanks.
Right.
Good. Thanks, Jim. Right. Uh, all right.
Let's go. Come on. How did you find that
out? Did you call them and ask them that
or you saw it on a application? We have
it. He must have bypassed some [ __ ]
because like we have it so if you have
less than three CH account book because
we have a minimum, right? Um and he has
zero setters, zero anything, right? So
the dude the dude went in through the
matrix, right? Would dialer work for
Bisop? Yeah, it works for everything.
It's [ __ ] dope as [ __ ]
bro. We get like crazy results. We got
cold callers. We go. We don't have any
leads for you to call. Well, we don't
call them. You call them, right? Well,
we don't we don't have any leads for I
mean, we've got Yeah. Not that many
leads. What do you mean you don't have
leads? Who do you sell? What? What? Who
do you sell? Coaches and consultants. We
have leads. We've got There you go. So,
why did you say you don't have leads? Um
because like I when I look at the dialer
thing, right? Isn't it you can dial a
ton of people at one time? Isn't that
the uh It's like the opposite of that.
But yeah, you haven't been you've been
you've been you've been watching those
videos in the background. Sorry. Yeah.
Sorry. That's right. We have 2,000
leads. We we have 2,000 leads.
So, you guys just do straight booking.
You don't do any phone number before
that.
Uh, no. No, we stopped doing that. Yeah.
Right. Well, you know, you're going to
start doing it again because you want to
have the conversation that we had before
was like you need to have opt-ins so
that you can get sales reps to to
practice on, right? So, you have a
secondary funnel with opt-ins. Now, that
you probably won't need us, right?
Because like the volume won't be there
like, you know, for a while, but um
yeah, like we we we kind of bespoke
everything. It's just a different way of
dialing. We do automated manual dialing.
It's different. It's all compliant stuff
like that. But you definitely need to
start getting like phone number optins
so that you can get reps an opportunity
to cut their teeth. It's also a good way
to do it for your clients. Like have the
reps for the first month just like get
phone numbers instead of spending tons
of the clients money on like inbound
book calls and having them totally [ __ ]
the bed like everyone always does.
Yeah. Um Kio who's next I'll role play
again if no one else wants to. If you
want to, bro. No one else is raising
their hand, man. So Oh, mate. You know,
to the winner go the spoils. Exactly.
All right.
Oh, Tony, you gonna be You gonna You
gonna roll, Tony? Tony, what's your
Tony, let me ask you a question. What is
your close rate right now? 80%.
Tony's a [ __ ] savage.
Right. And uh who taught you how to
sell, Tony? Uh Matt Ryder. I did. I did
teach you how to sell. Well done, Tony.
You're a [ __ ] killer. Thanks, man. Um
Tonyy's a goddamn savage. Sounds like a
game Michael Jackson every now and then,
but we slapped that out of him. Slapped
it out of me. I'm fine. Slapped out of
your heart. Let's have you do the role
play. You are going to be the
salesperson and Mahir, you're going to
be the prospect. Let's do it. And Tony,
you are going to outbound
Mahir's offer. He sells a cyber security
program where you learn how to be the
most secure of the cyber people. Um, so
it's like learning a skill to be able to
get a higher paying job.
Okay, for sure. Ring ring.
Yo, hey, Mah.
Yeah, who's this? Hey, Mah. Yeah, it's
just Tony here from cyber security blah
blah blah. I think you I think you
possibly were looking at getting some uh
skills around becoming a cyber security
specialist. Would that be correct?
Yeah. Um I think so. I think so. What's
it about? Yeah. Yeah, I think possibly
transitioning from your career into more
of a highpaying demanding role. Do you
Does that sort of sparked your interest?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I do remember. Yeah.
Yeah. Cool, man. Just wanted to look
into it. I've, you know, I've been
seeing the ads like 20 times, so 20
times. Might as well check it out. Yeah.
Okay. Well, what did you kind of see
from us? What did you see from the ad
that made you feel like this, you know,
might be a good direction in the first
place?
uh you know just he was talking about
how you can make an extra you know I'm
I'm at 50k right now want to be at 100k
so he was like in 6 months you can get
to 100k is that what it is yeah man
you've seen it 20 times right
yeah seen it 20 times inquired this time
finally so here we are okay so you're
wanting to make double your current
income at the moment like what are you
um like what are you currently doing for
what at the moment um I'm unemployed I'm
just I'm just doing a marketing agency
on the side. You have a business or
you're an employee? Uh, I have a
business. Yeah. Okay. How long have you
been doing the business for? Two months.
Two months. And you're at 50k. Is that
Yeah. Before tax, after tax?
Uh,
pretty sure it's it's off to tax. I
haven't checked. I mean brother like if
you're doing 50k after 2 months and
you're sort of running your own business
like what's the rationale behind you
actually looking into you know possibly
looking into a more high demand job more
stability cuz that's 100k I'm at 50 man
want to double it okay and I guess prior
to the business like what were you kind
of doing before I was a student student
okay what's got you wanting to look into
I guess doing a job if you already have
a business at the moment man want to
make more money Man, why not just double
I can, but at the same time I'm at 50k
and I want to make 100. Okay. Well, if
you'd like, man, like I'm happy to go
through sort of our process, our
systems, and how we can get you up to,
you know, doubling your income, let's
say over the next 90 days, and get you
to a position where you have a high
paying role. Would that be helpful?
Yeah, sure. You sure? Yeah, 100%. Better
instantaneously. Well played. That's
good. Somebody on YouTube said, "How the
[ __ ] does a bro just know how to pitch
an industry he's not in?" Right? Sales
is sales, guys. Sales is sales. Like
water filtration go like it doesn't
matter. Uh like the specifics of an
industry uh or or like they help when
you know them obviously and you get
better at it over time, but all you're
doing is like what are you here for,
right? Like what's the problem you'd
like to solve? Hey, I want to get you
know uh the water in my house is crap.
Oh, okay.
Like how long has that been a problem?
Oh, for a while. What are you doing at
the moment to make the water period in
your house better? The water quality?
Oh, nothing. So, what shifted recently
to where you want to make this a
priority and actually get the water nice
and clean? Well, my daughter this, this,
and this. Oh, okay. Anything else? Yeah,
sweet. Just so I can see the rale, why
don't why not just like place a little
water filter on every tap and just kind
of, you know, go down to the local
hardware store and do it that way? Why
actually install like a whole system in
your house? Well, it's just this. It's
like, oh, sweet. See, like it's easy.
You just got to understand like problems
and go, okay, like tell me about those
problems. Oh, tell me about the, you
know, what's like what's the catalyst?
There's always a catalyst that's getting
them to do something because that's why
they're on the call. The marketing has
sparked something. So understanding what
that is is great, you know, and they
might go like because it like for
there's no lack of anything being
advertised to them at all times, right?
So like there h something has happened.
There's been a shift in thought because
you know no one just goes like oh my god
did you guys know there are places that
have fitness equipment that you can pay
money to go to? I had no idea.
Wendy, can you believe such a thing?
It's like no. They get advertised for a
gym 14 times a day and walk past three
on the way to Dunkin Donuts. Right. So,
like it's like, hey, what shifted
recently to where you want to stop
walking past the gym and maybe you walk
into one,
you know? Well, mate, like stepped on
the scale the other day and I wasn't
happy. Okay, scale of one to fat, where
are you? You know what I mean? And it's
like, okay, cool. So, like, where do we
want to be, dude? What have you been
doing to lose the weight? When did you
step on that scale? 3 weeks ago. What
have you been doing over the last 3
weeks? Nothing. Why not? I thought that
was the catalyst. Why have you done
nothing? Fair enough question, right?
Well, I've just been busy. So, are you
planning on not being busy now?
No. Okay. So, what's changed to where
you just want to say I actually need to
do this and stop pretending like you're
going to do it? Well, I just like I got
my daughter's wedding coming up and I
just don't want to be a piece of [ __ ] in
the photos. When's your daughter's
wedding? 6 months. Okay,
let's get to work. You know what I mean?
You see how like just, you know, like
obviously I'm role playing myself, but
it's like, you know, you just got to you
you got to find the answer and you can't
accept like shitty vague answers. Yep.
You know, you got to get the specifics.
You got to be like targeted with it.
Don't be afraid to ask a question more
than once. That's why you need to have
conversational flexibility and be able
to ask questions in multiple ways.
Right? When sales sniper was at its
peak, I used to do a thing where like we
would have people role play and they
would have I'd go say it again, but they
weren't allowed they had to ask the same
question, but they weren't allowed to
use the same words. I would make them do
it six times.
Why is this important to you now though?
Say it again. What's changed recently to
where you actually want to get this
done? Say it again. Say it again. Right?
And it's about creating really really
conversational flexibility, you know, um
so that you can ask questions over and
over again without it sounding like
you're asking the same question over and
over again, right? Cuz half answers will
kill your sales. You know what happens
if you go to your wife and like, you
know, and and she says no. Well, you
know, it's you know, she's not like
that. We have a great relationship and
she's super supportive. Oh, so thank you
for not answering my question.
It's like, okay, yeah, but what happens
if she's pissed off? She's had a bad day
at work and she just says no. Well, you
know, I don't think she'd have. She's
really supportive and she really wants
us to be successful. Okay. What happens
if she gets home though? Becky's been a
[ __ ] You know how Becky can be, right?
Becky's, you know, been horrible at
work. So, your wife gets home. She's
like, "Fuck Becky." And I'm like, "God,
I know. I hate that bitch." Right? And
then she and I'm like, "Hey, baby. I
want to spend five grand because like
Nick says that he's going to get me a
sales rep." And she's like, "No."
What happens then?
Well, [ __ ] right? I guess I couldn't do
it. Oh, so she's responsible for the
outcomes.
No. Okay. Well,
who else is?
Okay. So, you can't do it unless she
says yes.
Okay. So, you know, can she actually do
it for you? Can she make you do it? No.
Can she affect the outcome in any way,
shape, or form, regardless of whether
you do it or not? No. Okay. Okay. So, is
it really fair to make someone the
ultimate arbiter of the success and the
decision maker if they have absolutely
no dog in the fight whatsoever?
Now, listen, I'm not saying that you
purchase now, but that commitment has to
be yours. You're the only one who can
affect the outcome. So, what do you
think you need to do to put yourself in
the best position to be able to XYZ?
Well, I need you to get this, this, and
this. Do you feel like we do that for
you? Yes. Why is that? Boom. You know
what I mean? So, dude, it's just like
knowing where you are and just like just
asking the questions and the questions
and getting the answers. Getting the
answers. Ask the questions. Get the
answers. You know what I mean? This
person Ann said, "How do you go through
this process with someone rushing you at
the beginning and wanting to get out
price?"
So, the answer is I don't let them do
that, right? So, um that's pretty
common. So, you're only only Okay. So,
um, the steamroller does not steamroll.
The steamroll must allow the steamroller
to do the steamrolling, right? The
second thing is that you just do a
standard deflection. So, you know,
someone's like, "Hey, I want the price."
And I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, cool, man.
I'm more than happy to go through all
that at this stage. I don't quite know
enough about you to make sure that what
we can actually help. So, it's okay with
you. Just ask you a few questions and
then from there, I'll happily go through
all that." If they then keep going, I've
seen actually people teach this as their
own. I [ __ ] made it up. I'm going to
go there and say it. I don't see that
very often, but I straight up made this
up where it's like, oh, I'll ask them
like what they do for work. So, it's
like, hey, what do you do for work? Oh,
I'm an architect. Hey, how much to
design my house?
They go, well, how many bedrooms? It's
like, ah, I haven't got time for that,
bro. I just need to know how much. Now,
if they're a [ __ ] they'll give you
a random price. They'll go, it's 5,000.
Go, oh, mate. Perfect. Because I just
bought this land, right? And I need like
I I have like, you know, a 14,000 foot
house that I need, right? Okay. And it
has to be able to support like an
internal library that has 12,000 books,
right? So five grand, [ __ ] The other
guys quoted me half a mill, you know?
And then you're like, sometimes you need
to understand more about your prospect
to make sure that you can actually quote
it effectively. So if it's okay, I'll
just ask you a few more questions and
then from there like I can go through
it. And if they still ask you for the
money, you give them the price and say,
"How do you want to proceed from here?"
And you aggressively objection handle.
Okay, made 30 G's. What do you want to
do from here
and just sit in it,
enjoy it,
let it [ __ ] fester, just practice or
just objection handle aggressively.
And that's how I do it anyway. That's
what my mama told me. Let the boy watch,
right? Um, yeah. Sweet. That That's how
I do it. It works pretty well. It's like
1% of people are going to push back on
the first one. You know what I mean?
It's very very low. And it makes sense,
too, cuz like I don't I don't know who
the [ __ ] am I supposed to know? Like I
know your name,
you know? Um, yeah, that that does work.
There's thousand ways to do it, but that
works. Uh, what industry is Tony Win in?
Oh, Tony's Tony's in a lot of a lot of
industries.
How can we be trained by you? I invested
in 3.0. Well, I don't give a [ __ ] mate,
because I left that business years ago.
Good for you. Uh, I do this now. I do
cheap and whenever I want. Um, I don't
need to make money from sales training
because I sell for a living,
right? Um, so if you want to join the I
have what is it 200 bucks a month, 100
bucks a month, something like that.
There's like the YouTube membership
thing. It's like 10 and something videos
and a weekly call,
right? Um Tony has sold fitness and now
he's selling you're selling like ecom
bizop [ __ ] or something, right? Little
bit. You could sell anything. Doesn't
matter. He's learned the skill. Should
it be a different vibe than if a
salesperson if you're a founder? No, I'm
just I'm just me regardless,
right? Sales is sales. Like I've sold a
I've been on the sales calls with public
companies. I dress like this,
right? Like uh like professionalism
uh comes through like how you act,
right? Obviously, you want to dress like
good and stuff like that, but you know
um you want to present yourself well,
but like you know, you need to be
yourself. I think that's really
important. And obviously, you have to
heat check yourself every now and then.
Like if you're going to go in and sell
like, you know, like a church into
something, you probably want to like,
you know, probably like wear a colored
shirt, you know, maybe tone it down a
little bit. Um, you know, but like, you
know, so you got to read the room a
little bit. But I think if you're
yourself, it's way easier because if
you're like trying to be somebody else
on a call, you have to think a lot and
then things don't come naturally and
then that just creates issues and chaos
and stuff like that.
Um, cool, cool, cool. All right. People
ask for such specific training on these
things. Can you do a training on like no
I can't
can you show Can you show me a pitch on
how to sell 3PL warehouse B2B
guys? I could sales and sales guys who
cares. Uh you sell people it's pretty
much the same thing. Um
all righty last question. Query D point
then I'm going to bounce out.
No, if you guys want to join my YouTube
membership, give me some money. I think
it's like from 50 to 200 bucks a month.
It's in my YouTube.
Just go there.
I think we have like five coaching
sessions a week now.
I don't even pay the coaches.
They'll probably just try and sell you
oneonone.
I bought one. Buy buyer beware.
So, I get free coaches. Just pitch them.
I don't give a [ __ ] Do what you want.
They're good coaches though. There's
like one every day. There's Josh,
Lauren, I think Jack's coming on now.
Yashish,
Bob, I got a question here for you that
I'm I'm dying to hear, too. You
mentioned earlier about setting up the
marketing and funnel so that all reps
can succeed, not just killers. Can you
elaborate?
Most people suck at sales.
So, if you only have a system that works
for killers, your business will fail.
Yeah. So, like your your if your if your
business only works with killers, your
offer either sucks or your marketing
sucks, it's probably the offer.
Good offers are easy to sell.
Like, so if an offer is really hard to
sell, it's just like it's just a it's
just hard to sell. There's no point of
difference, right? You know what I mean?
There's nothing special about it. It's
difficult. You get commoditized quickly.
So like there has to be something
difference in the offer or the marketing
because like you just have to have like
you know you you want to lead route
aggressively to better people. Like
there's no equity and diversity in
sales, right? In the same way there's no
equity and diversity in a professional
sports team. Like imagine if they said
like this the NBA has to be [ __ ] 40%
white dudes. I wouldn't watch it,
right? Like this be terrible. You know
what I mean? So like in the same way
we're a sales team. Like I don't care
who you are. or if you're the best, you
should get all the calls, you know what
I mean? Um, and so like but there should
be a mechanism for people to like like
every team like if you have a Steph
Curry, enjoy the Steph Curry time,
right? So make sure he gets his 30 shots
a game so he can give you his 30 points,
but you then need to sub in dudes every
now and then. You know what I mean? And
so you've got to have mechanisms for
them to be able to create opportunity
that allows them to stay on the team.
Like imagine if the [ __ ] 12th dude on
the bench was forced to start. He'd get
kicked off the team,
you know? So they put him in when Steph
Curry's tired and he just doesn't [ __ ]
up. That's his role. He's a
professional, not fuckeruper,
right? Like a backup quarterback. Just
don't lose,
right? Don't throw any picks and you'll
be fine champ. you'll have an 18-year
career, make a ton of money, and never
get hit,
you know. So, um, you just have to have
that stuff in place. That's why you can
only having one marketing channel is
crazy. Stephen Curry's here. At least
someone called Stephen Curry. Um, you
know, so we got one marketing channel.
Yeah, you need more than that. You need
to have phone numbers. You need to have
email. You need to have Book of Cole.
Like just create points in your
marketing to where like when people fall
off, you have a bucket for them. That's
how you have a good rorowass and that's
how you give people opportunity to be
able to like get after it, figure it out
with volume and not just have to deal
with inbound book calls because like
it's just a really difficult way of
doing it.
Yeah. Okay. You know. All righty. All
right team. I got to bounce. Thank you
very much. Peace be with you. See you.
