In this video, I'm going to explain the
exact methods, techniques, SOPs, and
everything that we use to make $63
million
in just under 3 years. This is me
talking at an event with a bunch of
seven-figure entrepreneurs at Russell
Brunson's mastermind that was held about
a month ago. So, if you like this video,
let me know. It's very in-depth. It's
quite long, so make sure you take notes.
We'll try and timestamp a bunch of it
and we will have some resources that you
can ask for in the comments. So, if you
look at any of the resources and you
want them, let us know. We can we can go
ahead and send you some of those things
in doc form and you can go ahead and
start applying them to your business.
But, warning, this is in-depth, in
detail, exactly how I took two
businesses from zero to $64 million in
actual made money in about 3 years. So,
hope you guys enjoy. Bye.
All right, guys. So, for those of you
don't know, I'm Matt. So, I am the CEO
of Seventh Level Group. This is going to
be a slightly different presentation.
It'll be going over a few things and
we'll go over our 10X plan. But, what I
wanted to do is we're a slightly more
like just like complicated business,
which is probably going to get torn to
pieces, but that's all right. And so, I
wanted to give all the appropriate
context so that we didn't sort of go try
this and start doing it. Try this. Do
you know what I mean? So, cuz we we sort
of try a lot of things. So, yeah. So,
I'll go through that. I'll give you a
quick a quick history of kind of what
we're doing. And then from there we can
we can go from there. I didn't create
any slides. It's a Google Doc and I'm
going to roll through it, right? Seventh
Level Group, we started off in in a just
about January 2020. Revenue to date is
about $64 million to date. We won the
2CCX in 2021. We skipped the two comma
went to the 2CCX. Then went last year we
got the 25 and then we just got approved
for the million for the 50 million. So,
there you go. Thank you, Russell.
Okay, so what do we do? So, the the the
mission of the group of Seventh Level is
to change the way that sales is
perceived in the marketplace. So, raise
your hand if
when you're in school, you're like,
"What do you want to do?" And you're
like, "I want to be in sales." Like you
would have got you got pelted by
tomatoes and all that kind of good
stuff. So, our job is to change that and
make any PQ the way that sales is done.
So, any PQ is our sales methodology that
was created by Jeremy over his, you
know, 20 odd year sales career where he
made like 33 million straight
commissions in a bunch of different
industries. So, it's a it's a really
quality methodology and it's one of the
things that really sets us apart, but
I'll go into that later. In terms of the
actual like business units, the first
one is we have like Seventh Level sales
coaching sort of going through a little
maybe potential rebrand at the moment.
Overall numbers, we do about 500 to 700
new coaching clients per month. That's
not product, that's coaching, right?
From 3,000 to 18,000. So, it's a little
bit of a monster in terms of its
fulfillment and delivery. Last month,
last 30 days, we've had 4,481
new customers. So, that's people who
have purchased something from us, like
unique buyers. We have five sort of core
offers that ascend, right? We have a
black book bundle, which is like our
self-liquidating offer, which is like
our cold traffic thing, right? We have
Misky. Yeah. Thanks, buddy. We launched
that when January about 15,000 people
have bought it so far. Wow.
Right? And then we go into our services
category, which is 2.0, 3.0, inner
circle. So, it's basically an ascendancy
based on skill set, right? It's an
education-based ascendancy, nothing
else. So, like one builds on the other.
Like you're not allowed to go straight
to the end. We don't like we just don't
allow it. So, you you can't just join
Outlaws, right?
We we do anywhere from 4 to 800, five,
whatever. We do a fair few people. And
if we run a challenge, we'll get a sort
of big influx of people as well into a
challenge bundle of 2.0. 2.0 is an easy
product for us to deliver. We charge
2493 on average, right? And it's a very
easy product for delivery.
Virtual training course. It's like a
15-hour course in itself. 20 bucks.
That's not really coaching. That's me.
Yeah. Then from there we have
challenges. We sell a bundle, right? We
had last last one we did was like last
month we had 16,000 registrations.
That was great. We had a 26% show up
rate, 80% retention day to day, and a
24% close rate of everyone that was on
the pitch day. Thanks to Minor. I mean,
I couldn't do that, but he he he he he
melts faces with with the best of them.
And then from there we have a re-pitch
and then we have a buyers' day. So, we
split all the buyers one, split all the
non-buyers here. Jeremy melts the buyers
into more things and I yell at the other
guys until they give us money.
Right? It's not far off that, to be
honest. I'm more of the hard closer.
And then we have then we have any PQ
red. Okay, red is the female-specific
division. So, we've sort of like hired a
female influencer to be like the face of
that. And then from there we sort of tap
into a different market that, you know,
Jeremy's face, Marco's face, or my face
maybe wouldn't resonate with as well.
So, that's a relatively new venture.
It's been about 6 to 7 months, but it's
going quite well. We have B2B offers
ranging from 40,000 to whatever. Like I
sold a 380,000 one on one yesterday. So,
that was fun. To those anyway to anyway,
I won't say you. Right? And then we have
yeah. So, and I'll go through it quickly
and kind of show you I guess kind of
like, you know, this is our I'll just
read it quickly. This is our branding,
right? For Seventh Level. So, it's
purple. We've always been purple. Okay?
And the black is is sort of representing
like the old school style of sales. So,
we're kind of trying to shine through.
And there's our mission and vision and
all that kind of good stuff. I won't
bore you guys too much with that. Marco
worked very hard on it and it's amazing.
And I will sort of show you this cuz
this will give you some relevancy in in
a couple of minutes, right? So, any PQ
is our sales methodology, right? And
each one of these colors represents a
different niche that we want to go into.
So, purple is our institute, which is
our more generic, right? And then we've
got the red, which is any PQ red, which
is our female division. Then we've got
yellow, okay, which is our
insurance division. Then we've got blue,
which is our soon-to-be hopefully solar
division, right? So, but I'll but I'll
but I'll go through a bit more of that
in detail later. Again, I wanted to give
you guys as much context as humanly
possible. And I'm a fairly
detail-oriented human being,
unfortunately. So, you guys will sit
there and take it. All right. So,
the other things that we have, okay, so
we're going through the business stack
is Sniper Media. So, we have a full
stack kind of done-for-you marketing
agency. Super super boutique and small
and very expensive. And it makes sense
why we have it in a minute. I I will I
will assure you cuz it wasn't just like
a hey, a random thing. Let's go start a
marketing company. The way that we
facilitated that was by buying a
marketing company, right? We did that
for a few reasons. One of those is
because of the next one, which is Scope,
which is sort of formerly known as Sales
Sniper. We have
it's called Scope, which is sort of
formerly known as Sales Sniper, which is
a done-for-you sales agency, right? So,
we would get coaches, consultants, and
all that kind of stuff and we bring them
in and then we would become their entire
sales organization. So, we would redo
the processes. We would do all the
scripting. We provided our own reps. One
of the beautiful thing was because we
have Seventh Level, we sign up a few
reps. So, then we took the best ones
into Sales Sniper. We had 150 of
probably the world's most savage sales
team we've ever seen. And we did that
for lots and lots and lots of coaches,
which was fun and that's why we
necessitated having our own marketing
company because we were just sick of
having to deal with like all kinds of
stuff. And so, what we did, we went out
there, purchased a marketing company,
and then sort of took that in-house and
then became like a one-stop acquisition
company. That's sort of when it got
rebranded to Scope. So, we come in and
we we do the whole thing. It's not big
as in like lots of clients, but as you
can imagine, the clients we do have pay
an awful lot of money. They pay
percentage of sales? Yeah.
Yeah. So, we're almost entirely
commission-based, which is why it's a
very risky model. But, one of the cool
things was that, you know, at one stage
we were problem-solving like I think
like 57 different sales teams at once,
of which predominantly was me to start
off with it as we grew it. And so, I
learned a lot about how to problem-solve
sales teams and and how to connect sales
and marketing in a very positive way,
whereas usually they're quite repellent.
And so, like how do we have a sales and
marketing team talk together and then
like have the data and have the respect
for each other to where it's like, "Hey,
I believe that you're good at marketing.
You believe that I'm good at sales."
Have a collaborative conversation about
how we can get more buyers. Isn't that
deal you're doing the marketing and the
sales? For not all of them, most. There
there's some that have really really
good marketing. It's not common, but
it's rare. But, because we have because
we require a lot of marketing like asset
at Seventh Level because of the amount
of volume that we do, like it sort of
helped us to to get more talent. We
could monetize. We could pay them more
cuz we can pay them for over here as
well. So, media runs at a break even on
purpose. It doesn't need to make any
money. It's just sitting there to serve
as a function. Does that make sense?
Our coaching business is some we put in
three or four guys and then their
influencer like tank leads. Now we got
three of our guys sitting them over
here. So, we're like just come in and do
the marketing for you. Make sure you get
Yeah. Also, this is strategic for us not
specifically this side break even just
to bring the box full of video leads
to be done for you sales, but also
internally for us.
So, I assume
do you charge on that? It's ranging cuz
the business model is very dependent.
Like it's been as low as 20 as high as
30. But, it very very business model
dependent. Like we did stuff for living
cleaning groups. It's very it's very
different. It's a $450 million a year
company doing like school like getting
them into schools, right? We did stuff
with a very large fintech. They do like
nine billion, right? Like that was a
very different deal, right? Than than
doing like, you know, Joe Coach, right?
Like the those Joe Coach deals are
actually probably more lucrative in the
long run because like the relationship
is longer cuz there comes a time like
like you're saying before like agencies
don't care. And that's pretty true, to
be honest, for the most part. However,
like agencies for like under 15 million,
I think a year, kind of work pretty well
to like fill a gap sometimes. So, what I
would do is I would preframe that at 15
to 20 million a year, this is going to
collapse. So, let me build your team for
you, right? And so, I would I would
create a transitional period and then we
would recruit using Seventh Level and we
get people in. We establish the thing
and then what we do is we do spot checks
and like like secret shopping and we
send them reports and stuff like that to
make sure that like their sales team is
being held. And then sometimes we stay
on as like a fractional manager. And
then we have Seventh Level LFG, which is
our insurance agency, which is
underneath Quillity. But, I'll kind of
go through that more because it's like
our first test of our like go-to-market
strategies for our 10X plan. So,
there are tons of good marketers here,
right? Of which I am not one. So, I'm a
fairly decent sales guy, but I'm not as
good as Jeremy. I understand marketing
nowhere near as much as you guys do. But
what I can do is run a business to
within an inch of its life. Like I'm
very good at that. So I wanted to go
through some of that stuff today cuz I
feel like that's probably the only value
that I can give you guys. And then from
there, cruise through that cuz most of
it's really boring, but if you want any
of the things that I have, I'll give
them to you, right? Um or or there's all
kinds of stuff. So has anyone ever heard
of an UDA loop? Yeah. Right, so UDA loop
is just like is a decision-making
process. It's very very military and
it's very military, right? And I've
always been in the military. I don't
know if I ever told you guys, right?
Right?
Right? Um observe, orient, decide, and
act, right? So it's kind of the way that
like my my brain works, right? And it's
a little bit slight like it's a slower
way of making decisions, which I think
helps when someone's in like a
leadership position, right? So um
myself, Marco, and Jeremy are all
business partners, right? I'm kind of
the sea anchor that hopefully stops us
from doing too many things at once. I've
failed and I've succeeded in certain
times in those areas. However, like I'm
I'm like the calm force, if that makes
sense, because Jeremy's very creative.
Marco's very creative, and I'm not super
creative. However, I am very like good
at problem-solving. Now, I really wanted
to get good at this whole kind of
business running thing, so I just hired
the CEO of Smirnoff. Um happened to meet
him very circumstantial. I just happened
to meet him and said, "How much money do
I have to give you to teach me how to
run a company like a billion-dollar
CEO?" And he said, "A lot." And I said,
"Okay." So he was also the CMO of Allied
Domecq, which is an enormous alcohol
conglomerate, and he was also the CMO of
Yamaha. Um and so over the past 2 years,
about 24 months, I think, yeah, he's
been coaching uh he's been coaching me
on
execution strategy development and how
to be a CEO. So if you guys want, I have
this document. It's a little bit boring,
but it literally outlays This is like
the in case I die document.
Right? This is in case I die, my
executive team has this. This is every
single process, thought. This is every
meeting agenda. This is everything that
like you would need to do to replicate
what I do, right? So uh of which Marco
would do a phenomenal job. He could step
up tomorrow, right? So constructive
feedback meetings from the corporate
strategy, like I would show you sort of
I don't know corporate strategy. That's
our corporate strategy. I can go over a
little bit. Anyway, it's a big document,
right? From the like the rollout of that
presentation is to not get people who
are doers thinking too much about not
doing and thinking, right? Um as to then
forecasting and budgeting, creating that
into an MIND, so most important number
drivers, and then going into the project
management, into the weekly and monthly
uh meetings, how I how I work with my
EA. This is an example of what my diary
looks like in my deep focus sessions
where everything's hyperlinked, good to
go. So I don't speak to anybody. I speak
to Marco, that's basically it, right?
And then from there, I run the business
from like with an iron fist from a room
that nobody knows, right? So those are
all hyperlinks for every day, every
single task that I have, whether be
email or Slack. I don't look at email. I
don't look at Slack like ever. My EA
does all of that. And then from there,
any task I have to do go straight into
my deep focus sessions, of which I have
one 90-minute block every single day. If
there needs to be more, there's more.
But generally speaking, that's how I
read all the contracts, that's how I
read all the things, do all the hiring,
do all the firing. I do everything like
that, and that way I can be across
everything all at once without having to
spend tons of time on meetings cuz I
[ __ ] hate meetings. There's a really
good app called Meeting Calculator. Hook
up your G Drive to it. Put everyone's
salaries in it, it'll tell you how much
a meeting costs, and you'll probably
have to stop having all those meetings,
especially when a meeting costs you like
$47,000 because it's got everybody on it
for 3 hours, right? So anyway, this is
kind of like the process so observers
look forward. So we do a planning
session. So we do like an annual
planning session. Uh we're probably
going to start doing them more
frequently. We did them too frequently,
then we didn't do them frequently
enough, so I think that we're trying to
find the middle ground is to once every
6 months, right? And then from the
planning session, we do the budget and
the and the and the forecasts, right?
From the budget and forecasts, those
then get sent out to the department
heads. The department heads then have to
go, "Okay, what like tell me, what do
you need to do in order to get those
numbers, right?" And that's that's got
to be a collaborative. I don't need to
be there. I don't even care, to be
honest, right? Like that's their job to
figure out, and then they can bring me
Marco will bring me back the plan,
right? I'll say yes, I'll say no,
whatever, and then from there, things
happen. Then from there, the MIND is
created, right? An example of an MIND is
this. So this would be an MIND like for
outbound for a specific funnel. This is
not like ubiquitous, but right like from
there, assuming we have a 30%
pass-through rate, like we know what we
need at the end, right? So and then we
know all of our historic data because
we're pretty good at tracking data
because we're all kind of a little bit
nerdy in that way. And so then from
there, we would create This is the
opt-in specialist, right? And then we
have a different one for Typeform, a
different one for SLO, right? So then
from there, it's it's going to result in
eight bookings a day, right? Per person.
And in order to get eight bookings a
day, they've got to have 25
conversations, 5% pickup rate, $500. So
the KPI is $500 a day for each SDR. If
they can't do that, they'll be fired,
right? And then everything starts from
the number, so it's like we're going to
make a million dollars a month, whatever
it is, and then it's like, "How much of
that will be from this?" Then from
there, that gets worked backwards,
right? Down to the cleaning lady coming
three times a week, right? Cuz as soon
as the sales metric stops, then the
marketing metric begins, right? And I'll
show you sales metrics and how I track
and how we track that as well. Then from
there, it's KPIs, right? HireOS and
sales data. HireOS has been a huge
game-changer for us. We highly recommend
it. It's very very good. KPIs are super
important because without KPIs, how do
we hold each other accountable? If we
can't hold each other accountable,
what are we doing here? Uh and this is
an example of like sales data, right?
This is sales data from like part of one
business. This is the last 5 days. 347
booked calls, 38% close rate, that much,
that much, right? And we segment it by
person. You know, you can turn people
on, turn people off. One thing I will
say about data that's really important
is like try like my philosophy is try
and find reasons to not make changes
because I think people act too quick,
you know? So like they'll see a sales
data, the close rate will drop, and then
they'll be like, "Ah, I made changes."
Like, "Well, this is time out. Let's let
it go. Let's see if it's a person. What
if it's one person? Like we had it once
where our something like our lead costs
like our cost per call significantly
increased, and it was like, "Ah!" And I
was like, "Stop. Let's just try and
figure out if it's something stupid."
Sure enough, our the sales rep that
takes the largest volume of calls went
on holiday, turned off his calendar,
didn't tell us. We fill every single
spot every single day every single week
to the max, right? We need 500 hours of
sales calls every single week. I know
that like it has to be there, right? So
he was a significant chunk of it cuz
he's a crazy person, does like 12 hours
a day, right? But he makes like 80k a
month, so good for him, right? Um and so
that was a huge chunk, so we didn't
adjust the ad spend base for that. So we
but we had very successful campaigns,
right? So how do we have not stopped and
looked and gone like, "Hey guys, like
let's just figure this out." and gone,
"Ah, he's on holiday." Like that means
that like let's let's now have a look
and see how many people are going onto
the page and then bouncing off. Ah,
okay, they're just not finding time.
Okay, well, let's reduce the ad spend,
yell at him, right?
Of which we had a very fun phone call.
By the way, I never yell at people. I I
am very stern when I talk, but I don't
yell, right? I find it much scarier.
They I'm a very nice guy. Everyone calls
me very intimidating. I don't know why.
Um okay, so so so then from Yeah.
Also,
Yeah. So also, when uh there's like one
thing I'll say about about sales data is
that like a show-up rate and a no-show
rate are two different things, right? So
like if you have people showing up,
okay, that's your show-up rate. So then
you got to categorize people who don't
show up. Otherwise, like you don't know
what you're dealing with. So we have
no-shows, which is people who are like
don't respond and don't show up, right?
That's a no-show. We have a reschedule,
which is obviously a reschedule, right?
And then we have a cancellation, which
is a cancellation. So like my team, for
example, like we're we're sort of
mentoring some like younger sales
managers at the moment, and they're
like, "We have a no-show issue." And I
was like, "Do we? Okay, let's let's all
freak out about it." But I was like, "Do
we have a no-show or show-up issue?" And
they were like, "Okay, cool." And then
when we figured out, we didn't have
anything. We just had a rescheduling
issue. So they were like, "Okay, we we
went When are the people rescheduling?"
And it's like, "Okay, let's have a look
at the data. They're rescheduling 3
hours prior." That's the average
reschedule rate because you can tell
because there's a link in there from
ScheduleOnce or OnceHub, it's like,
"Okay, like reschedule here." So it's
like first test, take that out, see what
happens. So that's the only thing we had
to do. It turns out that that pretty
much like halved the reschedules, right?
Just cuz we gave them the option. Then
from there, we moved it back 1 hour, 4
hours with no link, perfect done, right?
So like that's like data is so good, and
like marketing data like like all the
marketing nerds geek out on marketing
data, but like sales data is just as
like interesting and profound. It's just
a slightly slower process because you're
looking at iterations, right? So like
with marketing to get This is why like I
I constantly tell our our like executive
team that everyone has to work at a
different speed, and there's like a
slightly just like a flywheel effect. So
like marketing works like this. It's
really really fast, right? Because
they're working on like 5,000
iterations, takes 10 minutes. Like
imagine how many five It takes to get
5,000 people to your challenge funnel.
It's like 17 seconds, done, right? So
it's like those people can make
adjustments fast cuz they have a high
level of iteration. Sales is a bit
slower because they have to go further
down the pipeline, so then you're
locking people out. And then operations
is slower again, right? But they're
they're moving at the same speed, but
it's a different perception of speed
because every one step taken by
operations is like 10 taken by
marketing. That's kind of how I look at
it. So from there, once we have all
that, then like once you have KPIs, then
you have basically all your resource
planning because now you know how many
people you need to hire, especially if
you do it 12 months out. If like we're
doing this and that MIND is
for the end result, then we can whack it
down per month, and we're like, "Hey,
well, at that result, we need 17 SDRs."
All right, cool. How many do we have?
Five. Sweet. So we've got to hire 12
over the next 12 months. What's our
average stick rate for SDRs? 33%. That's
a pretty good, right? So it's like,
"Okay, so we've got to hire 36." Sweet.
Let's hire 36, right? Also obviously
over time, otherwise that would be
annoying. So then from there, that that
constitutes the projects. The projects
are called WIPs, so work in progress
reports, and those are the meetings that
I have every single week with the guys,
which is like a Gantt chart essentially
of of for me mine is a Gantt chart of
just project names. I don't care what
tasks have to be done. That's for them
to worry about, but they need to have a
similar looking chart which is done in
ClickUp, right? For their whips so we
can see every task. And that means that
I can monitor and I can assess all of my
executives and see if they're just being
a passthrough for the task that I give
them because if they are they'll be
fired. Like if I give you 10 projects
and it's like 50 tasks and every 50 task
is laid out to other people and there's
no more projects you're not innovating.
Like why did why are you here? Like I
don't need you. Bye. I'll just manage
those people myself. It's easy. All
right, I'll save myself 20 grand a month
or whatever. So like that that whips
putting that in was probably the most
profound change that my mentor for the
CEO of Smirnoff, his name's Kim. So I
just refer to him as Kim, right? That
was probably the most profound thing
because I fired almost my entire
executive team within within 90 days.
Was that a daily report that was coming
No, no, no. It's week it's weekly. A
weekly And if they don't come prepared
they'll they're in a little bit of
trouble. Like I'll just end the Zoom and
say I'll see you tomorrow, right? And if
they go I'm busy tomorrow, not anymore.
Right?
[ __ ] me around see what happens. All
right, so and again this isn't being
mean this is just being like pragmatic
because like I just don't want to waste
anyone's time. I don't want my time
wasted. I got kids. Like everyone else
can go to hell except for my kids. I'll
kill you all with a spoon if my kids
aren't happy. All right, so and then
that's going to give us our resource
planning. Then from there that like that
gets our resource planning so which then
helps us with our budgeting and
forecasting. We run a you know a 5 + 7 6
+ 6 you know so like every single month
we compare and contrast like the actuals
and the forecasts and our CEO our CFO is
the CFO of Billboard magazine which is a
much much larger company than us. I
waited until about 25 million a year
before we got a CFO cuz I just didn't
really feel like it was necessary cuz I
I did a fair few like finance courses
like Harvard online business school has
great ones and I felt confident enough
to hold a conversation with the
accountants to where I knew I wasn't
getting screwed over. Until that changed
then I got a CFO. As soon as we started
international like multi-tax tree stuff
I was like oh guys I'm out. Like I'm I'm
no longer like I'm like uh-huh uh-huh in
the conversation and like when you do
that with accountants like that's when
things get really squirrely. So I got
someone who was older much more
experienced probably more expensive than
what I wanted but had like this was a
pretty little company compared to what
he's done, right? So that that kind of
felt like the move. And then from there
like that creates your meeting
structures your ways of work
documentation compliance stuff. One one
of the best things that I think might
help people is an after action review.
So after any DEA raid whenever you go in
and you know do bad guy things, right?
The first thing you do whenever you get
back is an after action review. So every
single person sits down immediately and
just brain dumps, right? I have the
document. I'll send it out to you. This
is the one for the challenge that we had
in April, right? And so we send out an
immediate like literally the day the
challenge ends our VP of ops sends out
an immediate after action review for all
the key stakeholders. Then from there
they go in they think about it they talk
with their team they send it back and
then like a week later we're all on a
meeting it's a big all hands meeting
going over like and talking in detail
about what went well what didn't. This
is why every single challenge we've done
eight challenges now every single one
has been significantly better than the
last. we've had better show up rates
every single time we've had more money
every single time we've had better row
as nearly every single time. So it's
just like it's a it's a precision way of
doing it that's really necessary because
like people forget [ __ ] Like they just
do. So you know here's all the the key
things like me and Jeremy were at Event
House and we just go down. Successes
things that went okay things that went
really badly things we should change,
right? send it a blank version of that
document if you guys want. But the
important thing with that is like we did
really cool things ad hoc that then
became like edified as the way that we
do it. Like I have a sound machine,
right? The first challenge we ever did I
had like the WAH-WAH AND LIKE BOW
WAH-WAH-WAH, RIGHT? And I just started
like playing with it cuz I was like
Jeremy's just spitting fire. I was like
wah-wah-wah like that. People loved it
and it kept the engagement going. And
when he was like what would the old
closer say
right? And so we were like man that
worked so well to keep everybody engaged
so that became and then we put in the
script it's a 194 page script, right?
Matt does negative sound horn here. Matt
does DJ sound horn here, right? So
wah-wah-wah, right? I love sound
machines they're [ __ ] cool.
Anyway, right? So like like like that's
you know and we do wild stuff because
like on our not this challenge but the
previous one before the ops team didn't
upgrade the Zoom. Like you know what I
mean? So we had like only 3,000
registrants or something like that that
could get in but we had like 11,000
people try It was a whole thing, right?
But that was an enormous screw up that
probably cost us 800,000 dollars. But it
meant that Marco had to scramble to get
people there for day two. We still did
day one but it was like an hour late.
Imagine starting your first day of a
challenge a five day challenge an hour
late. Yeah, we still had a lot of people
Yeah.
Right? It was wild and our account
manager on Zoom was on holiday. Okay? So
it was a whole thing. But honestly it
actually worked out great because like
whenever you do like an enormous screw
up and you have to like scramble you
usually figure something out that you
never would have. And we've basically
done a nice big fat screw up on every
single challenge, right? Except for this
last one, right? You know like because
it's a new thing. Like you done
something six times like you basically
never done it. So like that's how we
learn because we do that and then we
create processes and then now we do like
two full dress rehearsals for our
challenge because like like we just
don't want to screw it up.
Right? And this is kind of a guiding
principle that I've always had, right?
So it's called like the law of
subtension, okay? So like I was a sniper
and so like like there's some very very
specific like rules that you have to
follow and like because accuracy becomes
very important and it's about like
minimizing variables. Like that's what
being a good sniper is all about. So
like if this is why like when I teach
sales people to sell like oh tweak my
script. I was like why don't you just
know?
Right? Because like you're you're the
variable right now, right? So basically
like if I can create myself as like the
constant then like then I can adjust for
the variables around me because if I'm
looking to go like 10x or if I'm looking
to go like if I'm looking to shoot a
target at 1,000 yards, right? If I am
one minute of angle off, right? One
minute of angle which is a very small
it's it's about a millimeter, right?
That's only going to miss by one
centimeter at 100 meters. So if I'm
shooting right here it's going to hit
here, right? That's at 100 yards, right?
At 1,000 yards it's a one meter. And so
it's a full one yard off that exact same
shot. So like I'm always thinking like
the law of subtension like you know you
start off at the wrong angle and you end
up in China instead of Tibet or
whatever. It's a So what's working,
right?
Challenges challenges have been working
really really well. Jeremy melts like
24% of all the people that have done day
three and sort of beyond which is pretty
good from what I've been told, right?
It's Do you have any challenge you push
through the phones or in challenges sell
them through the Sell them on the
webinar on on the thing.
Yeah. So
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um
Yeah. So we've done eight we have a
consistent 4.5 times row as at the front
end. So it's not including back end
sales it's just front end stuff, right?
We we've got a really highly skilled
team. I I I like I we have a lot of like
ex-special operators, right? Um because
they like vibe with me and we also have
like a lot a lot of ex-gangbangers as
well. Um because like I can keep them in
line and like they like my kind of
authoritative schlappy schlappy kind of
style. So like dude you know like me and
gang like anyway like they turned their
lives around they're great people they
made a mistake who hasn't, right? And so
they come in and they crush it because
like I'm just I'm just good at handling
those people.
Yeah.
Yeah. So recruitment of reps has been
good obviously. I mean like yep. There's
so many of them, right? You know what I
mean? There's so many in our ecosystem
at this point that like we just find
good ones, you know?
And we've had a four we have a 40% close
rate. We've had that like that's our
consistent long-term. Everyone who shows
up to a sales call 40%, right? Um I
think I think like expecting more than
that is probably unreasonable.
Um but that's that's good.
Uh anywhere from three to 18. Marketing
so acquiring a marketing company really
helped us speed things up. How big was
the company? It was small. We didn't
even have to like give them money. We
just like they had a good media buying
team and like some good processes but
not like nothing else. So what we did is
we brought them in under and gave them
like
kind of weird like like like guaranteed
floor, right? So it's like it was like
hey like you like like no more clients
come in guaranteed floor. So we come in
like guaranteed floor and then from
there like we'll have like a pricing
like an internal pricing structure for
like additional products and services.
So they they came in and they're only
for us and then we do all their like you
know finance and accounting all that
kind of stuff. But they're like kind of
internal external but they're but
they're in, all right? And they can't
work with anybody else. And so like
that's been a really good process for us
because it just kind of sped it up. And
because we're spending you know on on
challenge months a fair bit of on like
on like ad spend now, you know like it
just helped us kind of grow a little bit
faster, right? In terms of forecast
we've hit our forecast for 23 months in
a row. We're pretty good at recruiting
talent. Lots of content like Jeremy got
700,000 views last month on his YouTube
channel. But to be honest we've
half-assed it.
Yeah.
So
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. So so what I did is I'm like kind
of good at doing this so I convinced a
content company to come under us, right?
So, they have like nine editors, they
have a really good kind of like
visionary dude who kind of like sees the
algorithm in the matrix and he's like 19
and he's only ever been on TikTok his
whole life, you know what I mean? So, I
kind of like convinced them to like come
and be in Seventh Level, right? So, then
we just absorbed all of their stuff,
right? Again, for guaranteed floor
because those people, they're going like
this. I was like, "Come to safety, my
friend. Daddy will help, okay?" So,
um so, that Did you acquire them or
what? Yeah, it's like yes and no. It's
like an acquiring, but it's more like a
a gifting, right? Very persuasive man,
Neil.
Um what's up, brother, by the way? It's
been a long time, man.
Um our podcast does really well, 150,000
unique downloads a month.
sorry sorry, social like social podcast,
you guys pushing to applications or
pushing to product or just rotates with
the word of the offers or what's the So,
Bro, so that's one thing we we haven't
done well. So, now for the first time,
the marketing calendar and the content
calendar are synced cuz the marketing
calendar goes out 12 months. So, every
every offer, I don't want to get like
too too deep deep into that, but like
cuz it'll just end up being like a
3-hour conversation about that, but like
yeah, so now they're synced. Now we know
like release dates or like all that kind
of stuff in the content. Before, it's
just been Jeremy melting faces, spitting
hot fire, pure content value, no CTAs or
nothing, right? Um and it was But you
don't get that many
sales calls a day or week or whatever,
right? Where's that coming from? Oh man,
uh it's a combination. I'll just I'll
just give a high-level overview. So, we
have a VSL running that goes really
well. Uh we have an SLO, and then we
have an implementation core process. So,
they buy like a low-end product, and
then from there they get into like this
like free coaching call thing, and then
from there those guys sell them those
guys get them into
um calls, then from there we also have
like YouTube. That's very hard though
unless you have a very disciplined and
quality sales team. I would not
recommend the implementation call model
unless you really get sales, right? It's
very very difficult. I've seen people
try and pull it off before, like it
didn't work. So, and then from there we
also have our email. Marco's really good
email. We have uh we have YouTube. We
have organic cuz we have a pretty big we
have we have like three Facebook groups
now. Yeah, we have three Yeah, so three
Facebook groups kind of different
niches. Then and then we have the Miffy,
um which is upselling people in the
portal and getting them into book calls,
and then we have How many times a day?
It's like 10 There's a lot of different
ways to get them.
pop really well with our customers, and
how long how long does it take us to our
customers to become aware of Jeremy,
aware of product, and aware of like read
the vibe? So, we kind of gauge them on
arrows on like
how much
how much we got forecast closed versus
what we have, and then we send them to
different things. Complicated, right? So
far. And our our ad spend is like
not big at all.
Cuz he's been good at saying like let's
not spend money
I'm pretty cheap.
Cheap cheap.
Um
All right, cool. So, uh there's that
podcast does really well. Jeremy's just
a phenomenal trainer, to be honest, like
it's just quality content that's out
there just helping people. And like my
thing that I told like the content
department or what I've always told is
like as long as if somebody hears
Jeremy's name or sees him and gets
better at sales for free, I think that
that should be like the underlying
methodology content. Like if you know
who Jeremy is, even if you never buy
from us, like you should get better at
sales. And so, like our Facebook group
is designed that way, everything's
designed that way, right? Okay, so then
and then from ads we've always had a
healthy ROAS. Okay, operations, we're a
pretty well-oiled machine. From a
finance perspective, like I feel like
we're a pretty strong company. We have
always maintained a healthy
profitability like even while growing.
So, you know, year from year one to year
two we grew 491% from year two to year
three to 300 210%. Probably grow like
160 165% from from from from year three
to year four, so like this year. And
we've maintained a 64% GP and a 21% net
operating profit, which is after tax on
64 million. We like and I think the
reason why is because like of all those
like operational things that I talked
about. It means like we do we don't need
as much stuff. Also like our product
works, we have a 0.4% dispute rate,
which I'm very proud of. That's very
very good for the industry. I don't know
anyone else's dispute rate because like
no one's going to tell me, but I think
it's good, right? At least Stripe is not
angry at me, and I've spoken to their
reps. That's refund rate or chargeback.
That's refund rate. No, it's dispute
rate. Dispute dispute or chargeback?
Yeah, so yeah, chargebacks, yeah,
chargebacks.
Our dispute rate is like our our refund
rate in totality, but that's including
like the Miffy and everything, is like
1.8, right? Uh maybe two, something like
that, but I think like dude, most of
that's the SLO, you know what I mean?
Like like our black book burner just
because like people get it, download it,
refund it. Like we can watch them do it.
nail that out, that would even Yeah,
we're going to we'll try that. That's so
cool that we learned today. We have a
methodology that works, right? Any PQ
like is a very very solid methodology.
As of present, we train about 158
different industries. So, we are like
the only sales coaching organization
that really isn't pigeonholed to a
particular market. I would say Cardone's
probably there as well, um but like, you
know,
cars? Yeah, but he's he's very very
heavily into cars. So, like, you know,
like if we go into our like scripting
drive, and this is just the one that
clients can see, these are like the
different industries of scripts that we
have, right? And then like if you want
to go like a little bit deeper than
that, if you want to go like just
insurance, those are just the different
types of insurance that we have scripts
for. So, those are active clients that
we're teach teaching right now. Yeah, we
and it's it's crazy cuz out of 158
industries we've trained in the last 12
months, life insurance somehow became
the number one industry for us. Yeah. I
don't know what happened.
Yeah. I never sold life insurance
before.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, um that's like kind of like the the
like the background and the ethos and
the methodology. This is like a couple
like random things that help from a
financial standpoint. There's a business
called Airwallex, right? It's an online
bank, but it's heavily insured. And like
if anybody trades in multi-currency,
it's very good. Like it saved me $20,000
a month on forex averaged over last 2
years, so about what's that? $480,000 on
forex fees away from traditional banks.
Also, they have virtual cards, so I have
a card for every single subscription,
right? Sorry, Russell. There's one card,
right?
So, that means that like cuz like what
happens, you have everything on an Amex,
and then you lose the Amex, and then you
got to cancel every single subscription,
restart. So, we have every we have 88
subscriptions right now. Every single
one has an independent card, right? So,
that mitigates our risk, and it's very
easy to set up. Airwallex actually told
us to do it. I never would have thought
of it on my own. Also, if you pay
international contractors, it's very
easy, very quick, right? It's very very
good product. It's quite safe. I would
not hold my I wouldn't hold like my
treasury in there, right? But I hold my
I hold a fair bit of my opex, right? So,
quick in and out cash, like that's where
I hold. So, Stripe goes in there, right?
Straight away because we also get
multi-currency in Stripe, so it's
cheaper if I send it into there, and
then from there I can internally convert
at basically a spot rate, and then go
through. That makes sense to people who
it needs to make sense to, okay? So, if
you want to like I can talk to you more
about it if
Um okay, cool. There's a
uh yes, Profit First Accounting, anybody
read that book? Greatest accounting book
ever made. It literally saved me from
two horrible accountants. It's a cash
management system, which saved my life a
few times. Um I I follow it to the T.
We're going away from it for the first
time now. So, no bank account in the US
is insured for more than 250,000. That's
a bank account, like it's not an
individual one, that's like the account,
right? So, we use a a system called
Mercury, which we put our profit in, and
that's like our largest holdings, and
then from there we skim it across the
different accounts, so there's no more
than 250,000 in any one account at any
one time, right? It's a really good,
very safe, very well-known thing. It's
called Mercury. It works quite well. If
you guys want to do that, I again, that
was not me, that was our CFO cuz he's
used to dealing with billions of
dollars, and we're like piddly little
peasants compared to what he's used to,
right? Okay? Harvard online business
school. If none of the things that I
have said to you in terms of finance
made any sense, I'd recommend their
finance accounting 101. It's like two
grands, great. You run through it, it's
very good. So, you learn how to do a
P&L, cash flow, balance sheet, all that
kind of good stuff. Right? There's a
great book called The CEO Secret Weapon
by Jane Jones. All that stuff that I
said about my EA doing all that stuff
for me, that's literally that system.
So, I read it, she read it. She's a way
better EA than what I am as CEO, right?
She's really experienced. She lives in
Arizona. She's fantastic, and she told
me how to have an EA cuz I hadn't
before, and I'd kind of like [ __ ] the
bed with them cuz it was just like I
don't know what to do, like I don't like
being told stuff.
Yeah, exactly. So, she's really good,
and she like super proactive, and now
she trains all of our EAs. If anybody
actually needs an EA, totally it's not
like a a business, but like she has a
lot of friends who are EAs. Oh, yeah.
Okay, cool. But like they're like
$95,000 a year salary, W-2 with
benefits, right? These are good about
Yeah, they're about 90 These are proper
American employees that are very good at
their job, 40s, 50s, like very very
experienced, like but they like they she
she she took my she probably took 20
hours a week off my diary, right? Also
like like she'll just say no to meetings
if people want them. She's like, "No,
just do a loom, right?" She's really
angry about it. It's quite funny. All
right, so one of the other things that
really saved me time was a conflict of
first approach. So, every single 2 weeks
we have what's called a constructive
feedback meeting. So, this has been a
real game changer because I I'm very not
afraid of conflict, like it just doesn't
bother me at all. And I was in the
office one day, we have two offices, one
in Sydney, one in Arizona. And my
financial controller came up to me and
she said, "Oh, such and such said this
and really upset me." So, I just went,
"Okay." And I just went, "Hey, come
here." And I was like, "Hey, this this,
fix."
Right? And I was like, "Ah, Jesus, all
right." So, then every single 2 weeks we
have what's called a constructive
feedback um session where I run it,
right? So, no one like talks without
permission sort of thing, and there's an
agenda for it, and it's all preordained,
and it's all kind of good to go. It's a
very specific way that it has to be
done, and it just gets a conflict first
approach because like nobody is screwing
anyone around on purpose. It's just a
mistake. So, then it just goes, "Hey,
this is really screwing me." "Oh man, I
didn't even know about that. Yeah, let
me get that fixed right now." All right,
that. And then there's a summary handed
out and action points, and then like
done, right? a really really good thing
that we did. It wasn't I wasn't taught
it by anyone, but I was just like I
think we should do this. And then
reports, I'd happily give these guys to
you. These are the monthly reports that
like all these departments have to give
me. And like and then from there, this
is why I like I don't have to speak to
people, right? So, they they they they
give me all those things, and then from
there what I do from there is I compile
a monthly CEO report, and that's a
combination of all the key points from
there with a summary from me, and then
that gets into the executives. Then I
create a client letter, which is like
also like marketing trend data from
things that we see with all the sales
reps, and then I also do like a
one-to-staff. So, everyone kind of knows
what's going on, anyway. I don't need
any of this stuff,
so I stay in my lane. Jeremy's
beautiful. Just as long as his hair
good, we're okay.
It's pretty good because
if you're if your a is like that is
bogged down on this, you you can't focus
on creating new products and build your
Yeah. Yeah. I already got pockets you
got.
Yeah. But we all three have like like we
all have our own talents.
That work really good. Yeah. Right? So
if you guys want any of that stuff, I'll
I'll happily give it to you. I'll put it
in the chat. So don't just Google Docs
like it's something crazy. It's just
like I just I I hate not having stuff
like that cuz it just kind of pisses me
off. Also like chances are I'll get hit
by a bus at some stage. Somebody's going
to know how to do it. What's up? Also
also for that, sorry, at the end of each
month, right? My forecasts and actuals
and then all of the reports and the
summaries and the uh whips synopsis go
into that like that month's like edified
codified. So if we ever exit, they will
have a decision-making process and
actuals, a budget, a forecast,
everything. Like marketing department,
sales department, operations department,
delivery department, you name it, right?
All the things that happened for that
particular month and that particular
year. And then there's a quarterly
summary. So I can then hand that over to
the private equity or, you know, the
Russell Brunson's of the world that buy,
you know, bigger companies and go,
"Here's all my decisions. Run it through
ChatGPT and make a chatbot out of me." I
don't
Right? So like it should hopefully
should make it easier, right? Things
that we've made mistakes on, I think
it's like bad partnerships like
misaligned values. I think a lot of the
time partnerships go poorly not because
like they're not good like business
decisions but because like the values
are just somewhat like misaligned. And
so that's like uh I watched Bob Iger
talk about the
um Bob Iger, CEO of Disney, right? And I
watched him like uh talk about when he
was negotiating with Steve Jobs to
acquire Pixar and literally only thing
they talked about was are the brand
values and the cultural values of Pixar
and Disney aligned enough to make a
commitment. And that was it. It wasn't
money or anything. Initially I was quite
slow to fire. It's not an issue anymore.
Right? Uh like slow to fire, if I can
make one recommendation, quick to fire,
guys. Like if they're wrong, they're
wrong. Like it it's not personal. If
someone gets fired as a surprise, like
you've done a bad thing but it should
not be a surprise, right? Like that
would like speed to fire is I think
Are they are they good at their job?
For real?
Like I don't know, like two?
Well, I mean like hey, if I go ahead do
this thing and then cuz at the end of
every single meeting, I say, "Do you
understand that this is exactly what I
say? Do you understand the tasks and the
projects in which you've been given?"
Yes. Do you understand the intent behind
the task and project? Yes. Do you have
the time required and the resources
available to do those tasks and projects
in the time for me whichever requested?
Yes. Do you have any questions at all?
No. How are you? Is everything okay?
Sweet. That's the end of every meeting.
And they say yes to all these things and
they don't do it and they haven't told
me prior to why not. I I don't I don't
know what we're doing here. So what I
said before, you can't judge a bad
employee off a bad employer because most
people are very bad employers. I was a
terrible employer. I really took a good
hard look at myself and was like, "Hmm,
I think it's a me thing. So let me fix
it, right?" And people are way more
important than money. Like just in
general, like that's just my rule. Like
that's like one of my iron fist things.
Like we don't treat people as
transactional. Like that's not okay. If
someone's bad at their job, give them an
opportunity to fix it. They're still bad
at their job, "Hey, this is not an
opportunity for you." Right? Also if
someone is going to like be transparent
with people. One of my best friends is
the VP of ops of my company. Like I'm
talking battle buddy. Snipers together.
Awesome dude. Amazing. Very talented.
And he said, "Hey man, how do I be the
CEO of this business?" I said you'd have
to quit. And he's like, "What do you
mean?" I was like, "Well, dude, like,
you know, we're we're sort of growing
together and like you're doing your
thing. But like as this business grows
and gets bigger and bigger, like I don't
understand like if we sort of get to a
hundred million, like it's just an echo
chamber of like process and thought.
It's like I would need to bring in an
outsider who's done this before. So I
was like, "As much as I love you, I
don't want to lose you. Like the the the
truthful answer is like you'll have to
leave, become the VP of ops of a much
larger company and then come back."
Right? Like that's just the truth. So
now does that mean that I lose him? I
was like, "Hey buddy, if I lose you, I
get it." Like but like, you know, it
doesn't mean there's not room for you to
grow here and get more money because of
bonus structures etc. Maybe like equity
incentive plans and ESOPs and that kind
of stuff that we're going through at the
moment. But like the reality is like
you're not going to be the CEO of this
business. Right? And so like but I'm
fine having that chat. Like because it's
done it's done truthfully and like in
the reality and so like I think people
understand it. And man, I've had a ton
of those chats.
Your skill level determines what you
make.
I can actually break that down for you.
So we have three tiers of every single
one. So we have a very traditional
corporate strategy. C-level, VP,
director, um and then coordinator,
right? And then there's uh so those are
the roles, right? Like it's a triangle.
So we need more coordinators than we do
directors, otherwise it's a nightmare.
Like what are we doing? Right? And and
then from there there's a there's a
there's a pay scale. All right? It's a
very traditional pay scale. I don't pay
coaching consulting wages. I refuse. So
I'm not paying a 21-year-old $20,000 a
month to be a COO. Right?
So like um she's not like a stupid,
right? So like I have a pay scale tier
one, tier two, tier three. We budget for
tier three, which is the top tier.
Right? So and there's about a thousand
dollars a month difference. So like a VP
will earn eight, nine, or ten thousand
dollars a month. Now that's based not
including bonuses, right? So a VP of
sales will earn ten thousand dollars a
month. Okay? Then from there he can be
bonus till he'll make he'll probably
probably end up making say like 250,
something like that. Like if he's good
and make it anyway. But but if he's like
new, I'm not going to pay you ten, I'll
pay you eight. But that means that like
their direct manager can then do like an
internal sort of like promotion from
tier three to tier two to tier three
because like they're doing a good job.
They don't have to ask for approval cuz
it's all pre-budgeted. Anyway, that's
super boring. Again, it's in document if
you'd like it. Right? Uh
uh gallery. So our CFO was offered the
CEO for gallery. I didn't match it. Like
it was an outrageous offer. I told him
to take it. I was like, "It's a good
offer, bro. You should take that."
But I was like, "This is what I can do.
Like I'm not gallery." What did he
decide on? He stayed.
Yeah, we're pretty persuasive to him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um So that's kind of that. We In 2022,
we took on way too much of exhausting so
I put in a director of one of the
things. He uh you know, did some things
and then I had to come back and fix it.
That was a really good lesson uh to have
a division of the business go through a
massive cash flow shortage. I'd never
been through that before. It was very
interesting, very stressful but I think
it taught us an awful lot. Right? So
that was definitely a mistake. We had
way too many executives at one point
where the org chart was like was like
this instead of like this, right? we've
all kind of done that. You know, just a
bunch of executives doing bugger all,
right? Right? Just thinking about doing
stuff. You know what I mean? You know,
like a business that does like 300k a
month and then here's my CEO, bro. My
CFO. My sit so all right, guys. Yeah.
Hey, right? No, just get a bunch of VAs.
You'll probably make twice the money.
Right? Uh lack of networking. I suck at
networking. Like I love you all, I don't
want to speak to you, right? So um No, I
I I like I like speaking but like I live
in Australia so does Marco. We just
don't get out there very often. That's
why we don't come to these but like I
want to start doing more of them but
it's just like I just suck at it. I just
you know, just anyway.
Right? I I don't like it. Let's put it
that way. Right? Um so um recently until
very recently we probably under
communicated as owners. We all had our
lanes in our particular areas of, you
know, I'll say genius. Right? But we got
kind of stuck in our roles and so like
that kind of uh I think we just got a
little bit misaligned and we just
miscommunicated a little bit and weren't
really there. So actually first day
here, we came in and we had a
constructive feedback meeting with the
three of us. Right? It's about a
nine-page document, right? And so that
was really good. We kind of got
realigned, got a chance to sit down for
the first time the three of us for more
than a day ever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a lot of travel.
Yeah. So it's been really good. It's
been really productive.
Yeah. The next thing is we we sort of
suffered from having too many irons in
the fire. I think that was a real big
mistake because we had, you know, we had
tons of opportunity especially like when
we were really growing Sales Sniper
because like we we there was one account
we had a 22 times ROAS for nine months.
I mean like we like I knew what I was
doing with that business, you know what
I mean? Uh like I was coming in and just
we were just miracling sales from
everywhere because like we're good at
making sales. Like all that data stuff
means we can just come up plans for
everything, right? So we just have like
these crazy sales plans because we have
like unlimited access to Sales Builder.
We can just make it happen, right? So
like that was cool but like what we did
is like at the beginning of this year, I
did the 80/20 rule. I literally fired
80% of the clients, kept 80% of the
income, way happier. And that was a much
better move. So that was a really good
lesson. We did the same with media and
now we're just focusing on quality over
quantity, right? Okay, so what's the 10x
plan? Okay, any questions, queries,
doubt or points on that? It's kind of
like methodology of running a business.
A little bit like more boring than what
uh the other speakers have done but I
thought it was relevant.
Okay, I appreciate it.
All right, so I figured like how do we
get to $300 million a year? Right about
like 30, 35 million, whatever it is,
right? A year. How do we 10x and go to
30 $300 million a year by 2027, which
sounds like a silly thing to say on the
face of it. However, after thinking
about it, maybe we can do it. So the
first thing we need to do is prove that
we can get a foothold in another
language. Right? We're not going to do
$300 million a year of what we do in the
current iterations or even some
variations thereof in one language. It's
just not going to happen. There's not
enough sales people. I heard a sales
trainer say they do a hundred million
dollars a year and I was like, "No, you
don't." Right? I mean, hope they do.
That'd be awesome, right? You know,
rising tide lifts all boats type stuff
but like I just doubt it just cuz I've
done the numbers and like that seems
very hard to me. Uh so we need another
language. The other thing we need is
another uh foothold in another country.
We do have Australia at the moment which
is working quite well, right? But we
want another country that isn't like cuz
we have Canada but it's like, you know,
North America, right? We you know, it's
like, "Hey, we entered three markets,
guys." Right? It's basically just three
different types of the US. Right? So
what we What we want is we want to
Yeah. Want a foothold in a different a
different uh country. Like, you know,
France, something like that, right? We
need to prove that we can monetize an
ecosystem. We have not done that well.
We have not done that well at all. We
have not monetized our entire ecosystem.
I'll go into the plan how we do it. And
then how do we do this without adding
more burden to our fulfillment team
because four and a half thousand people
a month coming into like a buying
ecosystem where like a good chunk of
them are coaching clients is a
nightmare.
Right? Yeah, we have company clients in
my head like 3,000 clients. Yeah. You
have a company client with 3,000
clients. Do you charge per What kind of
seats are Well, that's one of the things
I want to talk about because I don't
[ __ ] know. We're doing it 10
different ways. I was curious I was
going to ask another question but for
your You sell company 3,000 people. You
do the seat license like each person of
the 3,000 paying So, yes. upfront. So,
yes, we do seat licensing. We do a
couple of other things as well because
like my concern is that like I I don't
like signing things that I'm not 100%
sure will work. So, like a lot of the
time like all like with those guys that
you introduced us to, I said like if you
don't do it the exact way that I
presented it to you, I don't care how
much money you offer me, I will not do
it. Like I said in the first meeting. I
was like I don't care. Offer the triple
it, it's not happening because like
that's like it's like a reputational
damage thing. Like NEP Q is the thing
that like keeps us going and so like we
have to do things in ways which means
that like And that's one of our
struggles that I'm going to talk about
is like how do we positioning of that
offer has been very difficult. So, we
got to make sure like with these bigger
offers that we can control the process
and we can actually train your sales
managers and all of their team leaders
Yeah. because if they're just signing up
their reps and there's no accountability
for them even going through the
training, they're like, "Ah, it didn't
work." Yeah.
There's also There's also one more thing
and I just don't want to get too
distracted cuz I actually want to get
into the the problem-solving bit
is that like if you bring a new script
into a sales team, if it's the greatest
script on the planet, there'll be an
immediate drop in revenue. Like
immediate. Just cuz the adaptation
phase. So, like we have to control the
adaptation phase. So, we're cocky too.
Like if they like we're actually their
sales people and they kick my script
like that's really like the hard part.
Yeah, so like you know
Yeah.
Okay. So, I guys I want to get into
licensing. We're going to We're going to
go crazy. Licensing plan, right? We want
to license NEP Q. Like that's the plan.
That's one of our plans to get bigger,
do the Tommy Hilfiger, kick it out to
one dude who's hopefully a total savage
just takes over the whole world, right?
What our biggest competitor in the world
Sandler Institute did is started 1971
and they have all these franchises like
all these sales trainers like all over
the planet. They're the biggest The
second biggest sales trainers in the
company GTX. I'm not talking about like
the hard numbers. These are like 450
million 500 million dollar companies.
Okay, so French is in progress. So, we
we we we have We just got over the
licensing. We have like a general
counsel. That's another thing if you got
a bit of money, having an on-staff GC,
awesome. Like having legal like in-house
legal is amazing. Um so, that was that
was awesome, you know.
Um so, we just had all of our licensing
agreements like the first We We've done
a couple of very little ones as tests
and so like we did like a guy who's like
an inner circle client who's like really
good and we're like, "Hey, let's give
you a license for this very particular
niche that we can revoke anytime we
want." He was cool with it. Uh he's a
next sniper dude, so I was like, "Let's
just do cool things together." He was
like, "Yep, great." That was a good
test. And we did another one. And then
from there, this is our first big one
where it's like a foothold in like
another language and like another
country. So, we're getting We That's all
been prepared and right now like we're
going back and forth with them on that.
But hopefully by maybe end of the year
maybe like the end of Q1 next year
because we got to translate everything
obviously, we'll have a full French
everything and we'll be able to create
like a French Jeremy or do some
collaborating stuff. But I got a plan on
how to do that a bit more clever which
I'll go through in a second. But you
know, there's Spanish, there's whatever.
The only thing is like we we sort of
can't go into like more Asian languages.
One of the reasons is because inflection
and tone are totally different in Asian
languages and what we teach wouldn't
translate.
Which is like advanced Yeah. Like if I
say if I say like, "Why is that
important to you now though?" You're
only going to answer in a time time
frame. If I go, "Well, why is that
important to you now though?" You're
only going to answer in to that, right?
I can do that with inflection up down
like whatever, right? So, you can do all
kinds of like linguistic wizardry to
make things do stuff but it's very
western-based. However, French, German,
Spanish, Portuguese are all that same
thing, right? I speak Spanish so anyway.
And he speaks French and Italian so. a
big a huge We have a Wall Street Journal
bestseller. Here Barnes & Noble, thank
you. It's a launch party.
I gave you a gift. You're welcome.
I hope you like it. I gave it to you.
So, you want Barnes & Noble, get that.
But like the biggest publisher in Spain
picked it up. Biggest publisher in
Portugal picked it up. So, it's getting
Portuguese, Spanish going to go to
Brazil, Mexico and then Taiwan.
Crazy. Just wait. So, then So, that's
That's like languages, right? And
potential like So, like there's
language, industry, geography,
essentially like location because like
French for example, French is in Belgium
as well. So, like we're doing France.
We're not doing the French, right? We're
not doing French-speaking. That'd be
maybe like a different add-on license
that I could buy. Right now, we're just
trying to test, right? The other thing
is industry. So, insurance is active
like I said Seventh Level LLC. It's a
good market penetration test for us.
It's working. We started it like 7
months ago. We have 125 agents. So, like
we can But like we haven't opened the
floodgates for a few reasons but that's
not important here. Solar is in
progress, right? And I'll explain that
in a second. And then like who knows
what's next? So, location's France,
Europe, Australia, UK. UK's a funny one
cuz the marketing is so different but
Okay, so then we have the Seventh Level
Foundation. This is like my baby, right?
So, this is a 501c3. It took me a year
to set up. It's a full nightmare setting
up a foundation. I'm sure if you guys
have done it but I was more intimately
involved in it hence why it was such a
nightmare. But what we will do is
mid-2024,
we're securing locations at the moment.
We will have the first completely free
center. It'll be just outside the ghetto
in New Jersey, right? To provide
doors there for 2 years. It's my It's my
stuff in there. Yeah, right. Cool. Yeah,
so it'll be just outside the sort of
rough areas cuz we want to be able to be
like be close, you know what I mean? And
we're going to provide completely free
no ulterior motive completely free
sales, business, and financial education
for like underprivileged youth, right?
So, that's cool. I'm really excited
about it. Um one of our like very first
sales guys wrote um
like he was a a bit of a, you know,
ne'er-do-well back in the day, let's
say, right? And he's in New Jersey, so
he's helping us kind of negotiate with a
few different key stakeholders in the
area to make sure nothing bad happens.
And then from there like we'll have that
as a center and then the plan is to get
a bunch of like corporate partners and
then create like placement opportunities
for those kids. So, that like we figured
like our mission is to change the way
sales is perceived. So, how do we do
that? We get them before they become
sales reps. But I will not do biz op
sales. Like if anyone's going to go
like, "Hey, do biz op sales and you do
$3 million a month." Yeah, I know. I
don't want to do it. It's stupid. It
sucks. I hate it. Right? Yeah, right?
So, like I don't want to get a truck
driver and convince him to be a
salesperson, right? I'll just make
whoever does that and then I'll get that
person when they are a salesperson and
struggling like we get them better.
Right? So, that's the way that we can
enter into the market and we can change
it like at top of funnel, right? And we
can get them before they're sales reps,
create make the most of sales reps and
then from there we can get it out to the
world that way and it's totally like
there's no like it's just a good thing,
right? So, how do we use the foundation
within the business though? That becomes
the lead-in for the foreign market
because what's the fastest way to get
PR? Have a charity. So, we set up the
foundation. We then basically set up the
license and then from there we launch
the foundation, right? At or before I'm
having quite figured out if I wait till
it gets to 50 100k a month to prove
concept before I launch the foundation,
then get all the PR, corporate partners,
etc. And then get all the PR and then
that will give a whole bunch of trust
into a marketplace that is distrustful,
especially of us dirty sales people,
right? So, that was my plan for the
foundation. Does that make sense in
terms of like the
thing? Okay, cool. So, license is signed
in France. I don't We're We're sort of
figuring out a few things but anyway, we
got a few corporate partners. I've got a
few that I'm talking to. I'd love to get
more but you know, we're looking for
basically PR like a stage or an
Instagram post or money. Whatever people
will give, we'll take it. We're doing
all the grant process at the moment. It
is a totally separate entity as it has
to be from Seventh Level. It's called
Seventh Level Foundation but it sits
completely separate outside the
corporate structure. There's no
affiliation like you know what I mean?
Like that's how it has to work. There's
a really cool Google grant too. I don't
know if you guys know that but you get
$10,000 a month with a free Google Ads
if you have a foundation, right? That
you can like build a list for for free
which is cool.
Right? So, it should help us create
impact in the market which I think is
cool and it should help that brand grow
much faster. It will also helping a
bunch of kids. So, like that seems like
a cool thing, right? Yeah. Anyway, okay,
cool. This is that sort of uh this is
that monetization of the market that I
was talking about. So, if we have a look
at insurance as an example, right? Of
which we've already done. So, we have a
black book of insurance. That's our
lead-in product. It's our SLO. So, let's
get a bunch of insurance people in.
Yeah, let's give them a black book
bundle of insurance, right? Here's all
the questions you have to ask. Then from
there we have our insurance Mifky,
right? Insurance specific. Jeremy's a
genius. He can just do that. Don't ask
him how. No one else can do it, right?
So, then from there we put them in
two-point-on-three-point inner circle.
Every industry may not be all that
stack. There may be like a checkbox
where they get different stacks
depending. We haven't decided yet
because we haven't done a lot of it
before. It's more of a plan, right? So,
then from there we It's like, "What's
the monetization model, right? How can
we prove Like let's say I wanted to sell
it, right?" And I was like, "How can I
prove multiple market penetrations at
once?" And this is sort of the problem
that we sat down sort of sat down and
thought about, right? I was like, "Cool.
So, we can take them through this." Now
we have Seventh Level LLC. So, we have
our own insurance agency of where we can
actually funnel people into and we can
do that. So, that proves kind of one
thing, right? That proves that I can get
people from a marketing funnel, sell
them stuff, monetize them, put them into
a business that I run which is like an
external business but still in like the
company group, right? And make money off
them again forever. That is a cool thing
to prove. The second cool thing I was
like I was going to do the same thing in
solar again. And I was like, "Why? Why
would I do the same thing again when I
can do something different that's far
more difficult and unproven?" Cuz I'm a
brilliant person. So, I was like,
"Solar." I was like, "We'll do the same
thing with solar but this time I'll be a
recruitment agency for solar agents." I
was like, "Do I want to be a recruitment
agency?" No. So, I went and hire I went
and spoke to some solar companies and I
signed the first deal the other day
where we will give them free
recruitment, right? And just pass people
straight through but I will make money
every time they make a sale because it
costs me nothing to get them there. It's
just like a, "Would you like a job?" And
we track that when they come in anyway
so we can just filter them by email and
industry, right? Right?
Yeah, so I go get a job. Now, we're not
going to guarantee placement but it's
like, "Hey, there are people looking.
They're right there if you want them,
right?" I have a couple of ideas around
that but they're not really fully
formulated. I mean, they are in like a
27-page document but like I don't think
they're very good, right? So, I don't
want to talk about them here cuz they're
not very good, right? Then we got red.
Okay, again I can't figure out what red
would do. And then we have more like
Institute which is like more generic.
Now, like I think the recruiting side
for that would be so good because like
I'm sure we'd love feedback because like
like we could smash it but I don't want
to do like placement because I think it
sucks, right? So, it's like because
there's so many things there but we do
have an idea as to partnering with some
people that like could do it or do we
like create like an exclusivity with a
big recruitment company, and then just
like feed them tons of people in pools?
Do we like buy a recruiting company and
just do that? I don't know. If you guys
have good ideas, we'll spitball them in
a minute. Then from there, so scope,
right? So scope is like the done-for-you
sales, done-for-you marketing, all that
kind of stuff. One thing is that we have
done in the past is we've taken equity
in companies, right? Do you guys
remember that bad partnership thing that
I was talking about? That was that. All
right, so all right. So just misaligning
the values and just sort of like we have
a tendency to kind of overdo it. mean
Marco like particularly get real excited
about businesses and we start like
vibrating at a weird level, and so we
start to do too much, which is a really
bad idea in this model. However, I think
we're mature enough now to where like
the fact that we have like I can
institute I can install a fairly
competent executive program pretty
quickly, and I can coach that stuff.
Like I've done CEO coaching. I've no
interest in doing it, but like I got a
guy from like, you know, 60 hours a week
to 15 hours a week in like 4 weeks. And
I was like, "High five, dude. See you
later. Bye." Right? Just cuz you do that
stuff. Like it's just not that
difficult. Marco's great at marketing,
and like you get Jeremy Minor right in
your sales process. Like that's not a
ton of effort from us, and we can
probably triple quadruple most companies
fairly fast, right? So I was thinking
like if we could get like a $350 million
portfolio size by 2027 with a $70
million cash flow based off like either
profit share consulting or combination
of the two. I wouldn't go too crazy with
the consulting cuz I don't like
stranglehold the growth, but I think
like I think that we could I think that
we could definitely do that. We have a
we have this, which is cool. So like
this is how we do it. This is our
corporate strategy, right? For scope. We
do this all internally, by the way. So
this is scope standing for strategic
collaborative open people-centric
excellence in execution. Then from there
we kind of go through anyway. So we
decode, diagnose, design, deliver,
right? Four D's, you know, sounds like a
good anyway, right? So that's kind of
what we do for the people. Just kind of
decode the matrix and get to $70 million
consolidated revenue, and really really
focus on partnering with really really
good businesses. Then from there help
them capture, deliver, retain, and
expand. Like and then looking at it in
terms of like an internal rate of return
instead of more external, right? So it's
like how can we initially gravitate
towards businesses that are really
leveraged with Seventh Level? So like
what if I had like a business that was
crushing it with a really shitty sales
team, right? And they were doing okay.
They were break even, right? So I could
come in there pretty cheap, maybe just
kind of wrangle my way in there, and
then go like, "Let me put a really good
sales team in." And then we put a really
good sales team in, and all of a sudden
we double the profit. And we go, "Yay."
Right? Maybe we do a guaranteed exit. I
don't know. There's some ways to do
that, but I haven't really thought about
it too much. This is what we were
thinking. Marketing people, ops,
capital, consulting, and sales. Like
those are the kind of things that we can
do and that we have done in the past
because of all the stuff that I talked
about today. Also, I know a few dudes
who can raise money. We've also done
money raising for people in the past.
Not something I really want to do, but
we can definitely connect the dots.
Right? That's a branding guide and a
corporate strategy. Marco does all that.
Big up for Marco. He knows how to use
Keynote. Yeah. He's getting Yeah. Yeah,
Marco's getting his MBA at the moment.
Okay, so areas that we like really sort
of want to spitball on strategy, right?
Hey guys, so I hope that you really
enjoyed that video. I hope that you got
something out of it. Let us know in the
comments below if you
want to see kind of more content like
that. Obviously, that's a very specific
type of content for a very specific type
of person, but
I hope it kind of goes to show you guys
how in-depth I think we try to go, how
professional I think we try to be as a
company, and how planned we are.
And And that's really a reflection of
how much we sort of really want to give
to our staff and give to our clients. So
if you guys like this kind of content,
make sure you like, subscribe, hit the
notification bell, all that kind of good
stuff, and we'll see you on the next
video.
