Yeah, yeah, so, you know, we can just go
ahead and lock up the deal now if you
want. What? No. No. No.
What's up? Matt here, and in today's
video, I'm going to teach you what to do
when a prospect says no. I trained
hundreds of sales people in hundreds of
different industries. I have a large
sales team myself of about 42 people,
and we sell all different products, and
no matter how good you are, you're
always going to hear no. This is what we
can do to put ourselves in the best
possible position to get the best
possible outcome out of that
conversation. All right, guys, make sure
to stay all the way through to the end.
Like, subscribe, hit the notification
bell, all that good kind of stuff, and
cue the intro.
[Music]
Okay, so you have a great prospect in
front of you. They're a good fit.
They're the right person. You know that
this the product or service that you're
selling will benefit them greatly, but
they just can't seem to get out of their
own way. What do you do? You can't sell
everybody. No matter how good you are,
no one's going to maintain a 100% close
rate for their entire career. Now, I do
believe that 60, 70, 80, 90% close rates
are achievable on a really consistent
basis, but we're always going to hear
some nos. So, what do we do when a
prospect says no? So, step one is
creating a product ladder. So, I think
Cardone does this better than nearly
everybody, and we've done it for a lot
of the businesses that we work with, and
basically it's having something to sell
everybody. So, I'll give an example of
exactly what we sell. So, beside me on
the screen here, I'll put the things
that we sell um here at Sales Sniper.
Now, we are predominantly a
commission-only sales organization.
Like, we don't make a lot of our money
through sales training, nor do we want
to, but I'll I'll just give you an
example of like what we do have
available, right? So, we have a a call
recording you can get for 147 bucks. You
have a we have a call bundle. So, we
have a call recording plus a bunch of
SOPs for 197. We have a coaching call
with uh with like a mid-tier guy. We
have a coaching call with like a
high-level sales guy. We have a coaching
call with one of our top top sales
dudes. We have a coaching call with me,
okay? So, right now we've got from 147
bucks all the way up to 1250. Okay, then
we have like you can do closing code,
which is our $50 week thing. You can pay
in full for that for the year, which you
get so you get like six um role play
sessions a week uh with a with with
coaches and a bunch of content for 2300
for the entire year. It's great. We have
a Congruence Academy, which is like an
upsell from that, which is more help and
more coaching and very more specific
stuff for 3750.
Then we have Congruence Academy plus
coaching. We have all this stuff all
this anyway, you can
see the list. Basically, it goes all the
way up to 20,000 bucks, right? And we do
have some more expensive things. I think
we just signed a guy up into a $38,000
coaching program the other day, which is
a combination of me and James because
they have a very specific need.
Essentially, what we wanted to do is
create something where the sales guys
can sell everything. So, we can create
like a tribe of buyers essentially,
right? We want to create a bunch of
people um that have bought really really
high value stuff of us for not too much
money, and we can push them up the
product ladder. It also allows the sales
guys like sales guys don't necessarily
just work for commission. They they want
to close the deal, right? It's almost
like an it's like addictive closing
deals. Like, I love it. I was on
Clubhouse today with Ryan Serhant, who's
one of my clients and mentors, and we
were chatting around like building the
sales team cuz I I I run his sales team,
right? And so, we were saying that like
accolades, people want the the accolade.
People want to be told they're doing
well more than they actually want the
money, which is a strategy that we need
to employ in order to keep a good
culture long-term. So, um like sales
guys want to close deals. Whether it's a
small deal, it doesn't matter. It's like
[ __ ] well done, dude. Like, I know
you got the most you could out of that
person, and you helped them as best you
could. This strategy is not without its
pitfalls. Like, if you have a
disciplined sales force, this will kill
it, right? A disciplined sales force.
Your team needs to be mature. Your sales
team needs to be mature. Your marketing
team needs to be mature. Your delivery
needs to have good conversations with
sales and marketing around lead quality,
volume, all that kind of good stuff.
Like, otherwise you'll just end up with
a metric [ __ ] ton of 147 dollar sales,
right? Which nobody wants. Like, that's
not the aim of the business. If it's a
high-ticket business, right? You you
don't want to just have to sell the
low-ticket stuff. Because like most
sales people will just drop to the
easiest option instead of selling your
$20,000 program, okay? Now, if you do
have a good culture and you do have
mature sales reps, then you won't get a
lot of those unnecessary drop sales,
right? If you do have a good culture and
you do have good successful mature sales
people, then you won't end up with
people just drop selling or no offering
or something like that as soon as they
get the first sign of resistance from a
prospect, right? This is the best way to
ensure that you one, create a tribe of
happy people who have bought off you,
and you know, you have something for
everybody, and two, like you give your
sales reps the ability to create
pipelines like thick with two C's,
luscious fruitful pipelines that they
can then use, right? Cuz that person
might be a no for the 20,000, the
10,000, 5,000 doesn't really like, "Hey,
man, what I want to do is help you out.
We'll get you into this." And that that
allows that that gives a reason for
follow-up, right? So, the person who's a
no here, they might be a yes down here.
So, we just have to create that process
for them. You might be asking, "But
Matt, I don't have a super experienced
sales guy. My sales team is not super
disciplined. They're just going to end
up selling the cheapest stuff, and I
don't trust them not to downsell." Well,
kiddly winks, Daddy has you covered, and
I'm going to fix your problem. This is
how you stop that from becoming an
issue. What you do is you create like
separate funnels and separate booking
links. So, the moment that somebody
comes into the business and starts
talking to a sales person, you have like
a triage step, right? A triage step is
just a way that you can dictate where
people go within the sales process, and
have that sort of unemotional line. If
people are on a sales call, like the
sales person's going to find that
emotional. They're going to
they might not be the best judge of
what's actually going on within that
process, right? Cuz it's like, you know,
after like, "Hey, why didn't you close
that guy?" Uh he's unqualified. It's
like, "Well, maybe he wasn't, right?"
But if we can figure that out
beforehand, then there shouldn't be too
much of a problem. So, what we do is we
put in like a two or three-step process.
Then from there, we create different
pathways for that person to go down once
they've been triaged into a certain
lane. So, it's like, "Okay, if we know
this person is probably qualified for
something under $5,000, we have a
specific booking link that goes that
person's probably going to only qualify
for under 5,000. We have an over 5,000."
Or like, whatever the metrics for your
business might be. But there's a clearly
delineated path where it's like the
people who you're booking into the
high-ticket calls cannot be drop sold.
Like, you will be selling them a high
ticket or nothing,
right? And the person selling the low
ticket, you can sell them high ticket or
low ticket, right? But you're
predominantly going to be going in and
pitching like what's most appropriate
for them and their budget levels. That's
how you can ensure that you don't end
up, you know, just having a lot of
people being drop sold. So, it gives you
a far more direct path in order for you
to be able to tell what's actually
happening. What it will also do is it
will allow you to see like if you get
say 50% of people who have been booked
into a 5K call buying a 10K product,
then they're not being correctly
triaged. So, be able to fix that issue.
And then if you're getting a bunch of
people, like if you're getting a very
low amount of people buy the actual
expensive product, then you can go,
"Okay, well, these people are qualified,
and clearly we have a sales issue with
that sales person who's selling that
product to those people." So, you need
to fix that issue. It gives you a lot of
very very useful data. That's what I do
to put in place like when a when a
prospect says no. Like, we're always
going to get nos. There's nothing that
we can do about it. All we can do is put
ourselves in a position where we can
turn that no into a small yes, and then
small yeses into bigger yeses
essentially. So, hope that was helpful,
guys. Make sure you like, subscribe, hit
the notification bell. Make sure you
comment sales down below if you want me
to do more content specifically to like
different types of sales processes. And
just let me know if you have any
questions, queries, or doubtful points
down below. But I hope you found this
useful, and hope you have a great day.
All right, guys, bye.
[Music]
