Welcome guys, to another episode of
Coffee is for Closers with Matt, who is
with not Matt.
Not here. We're with James and Matt
today. So, exciting where me and Pat are
on for another episode. Yeah, it's got a
good ring to it actually, James and
enough of it.
[laughter]
We always come back for more.
Yeah.
It's funny. I'm becoming a regular
feature here.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's do the intro and then we'll get
into it.
If you listen to this podcast, you will
make your first million within 3 years.
I'm going to repeat that. You will make
a million dollars within 3 years of the
first episode you listen to.
We don't want pikers. We're not here to
save the manatees. We're here to make
podcasts. You really want this. You
listen and review.
Put that coffee down.
So, and today we want to talk about I
had a thought as I was driving over. I
was looking at some things. And
there's been kind of a little bit of a
merge between two separate cultures
before starting this company. That's one
being in the military with yourself and
Matt and me being in elite sports
particularly with the Melbourne Storm
where I picked up on a lot of leadership
skills as well as a utilizing a culture
Mhm. to keep consistency and and grow a
well, it is a business. But functional
excellence in that. And [snorts] I dare
imagine that there's going to be quite a
lot of tie-overs in terms of the way
things were run because ultimately that
whole process is dealing with elite
performance.
Mhm. As is ours. Was it was what I was
doing in a previous life and yourself.
And I thought it'd be really cool to go
through all of the um the things you're
allowed to say that you guys did to one
get the best out of the stuff. How you
weed out some of the people who
shouldn't be there so that you know, you
can trust the the bloke in the trenches
to do the right job in the same way that
with the players that they can trust
that the man next to him is going to
defend. Therefore, they make better
decisions with that trust there. And
then ultimately leadership lessons that
you've learned in leadership and how
you've taken it into one your dog
training business. How you've seen it
from an outsider looking in within ours.
And any I guess just general chit-chat
that comes with that and
Yeah, let's do it.
wherever those tangents go.
Let's do it. You know, mate, I think one
of the things that I find myself sort of
talking about quite a lot and and a lot
of military people don't like to hear
this is that I actually think that the
leadership training that's given to
people in the military. So, you know, I
was in the army. So, we always use that
term military, but it's it's broad
because there's a lot of similar courses
between army, navy, air force. We don't
have marines in Australia, but similar
enough. I think it's dog I think I think
so much of the training that the army
and and most leadership courses that I
see to be honest, I think they're junk.
And I think what they really are is
management courses.
Yeah, I agree. And I think that you
know, you can absolutely improve as a
manager. I think that a person like a
management is not a character trait. I
think that like it's a skill set that
can absolutely be improved and you can
go from being a really terrible manager
of people to an exceptional manager of
people with the right coaching and
guidance. You can totally do that.
Absolutely. But I really feel in my
heart and I get in trouble a lot for
saying this. I think leadership is a
character trait that you possess or you
do not. And you can go Couldn't agree
more.
[laughter]
Well, that's it. Podcast over.
And I think that you can go from a good
leader to a great leader with guidance
and mentorship. But if you're a dog that
you'll be that forever because I I think
that no no amount of coaching guidance
is going you know, in the dog world we
actually say that you can't put in what
mother nature didn't, right? You if it's
there, you can cultivate it and and you
within to even be more specific, you
know, there's epigenetics that like you
might just have to flick that genetic
switch. Like you you can have a trait
laying there dormant that's never going
to come out without some help. And you
know, you have to you know, create a
scenario to make that that gene express.
Okay, interesting.
And you know, that that's literally
exactly how it works. So, you have these
genes that lay within you that may or
may not ever express. And you need the
right conditions to be set in order for
your body or you know, like whatever it
is within you that goes, okay, that's
who we are now.
Yeah. A lot of time it's stress factor.
Stress totally. Yeah, stress and the you
know, the way that you'll deal with
stress. Um you know, and and you you you
push through stress to a point where you
can make or break a a being in a in a
session, right? In a in a coaching
session or in a training session.
or people here. It's both, mate. It's
exactly the same. And you there's often
there's windows of expression for those
genes. So, you get an opportunity to
express it and if that window closes and
it's not, then it will never open again.
So, we find that with like especially in
my space. Yeah, I'll speak on that even
though I'm sure people that listen to
the podcast are sick of me being on and
talking about dog stuff, but that's my
area of expertise beyond setting up
these cameras. Salespeople are a lot
like dogs.
You know? They love treats. Yeah, it's a
different kind of treat.
[laughter]
But so, you know, like certain forms of
aggression that you you get an
opportunity to bring it out as a with a
puppy and then if you don't, it it won't
come out later. And and the same I think
like this is the true of leadership. I
think that you get you there's something
that happens genetics like you your
parents put into you and then there's
the opportunities of raising them.
There's a really cool quote. I can't
remember the exact the guy who said it,
but on genetics it says that parents
matter, but they don't make a
difference. All right. Like when you
unpack that, it means that your genes
matter, but your their parenting style
isn't really necessarily going to change
too much about who you are, No, no, no.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, okay.
they created you and those genes are
kind of you what they can do beyond that
is kind of not too much, right? And
there's loads of historical evidence of
that. There's a really good documentary
called Identical Strangers about three
triplets that were separated at birth.
They come together, complete different
personalities.
No, totally identical personalities.
They had completely different
upbringings, completely different
upbringings. So, their father died in
World War II and so their mother was
pregnant and couldn't so they were given
to an orphanage. And back in the day
they were just adopted out to different
people. They didn't know they they were
identical triplets. And they know that
they had
No, they didn't know they existed until
two of them bumped into each other at
university. You look familiar. Yeah. And
then [laughter] that was on the news.
Get this. So, that was on the news cuz
people are like, holy these guys linked
up and the third one saw the news
article.
[laughter]
What is happening?
Imagine that. What would you do right
now? You're in that situation. You find
out and like that guy. Would you just
think as a doppelganger? Well, I'd first
thing I'd do is call my parents.
[laughter]
And my older siblings. They'd be like,
hey, how come no one told me about this?
All right.
Um but so on leadership, mate, back
trying to bring us back to that. I think
that really truly I believe that
leadership is a trait that you possess
or you don't. Management, you can
absolutely learn and you see people who
are terrible leaders that can manage
quite effectively.
Mhm. But that's fine in day-to-day. I
think leadership sort of shines and
excels when things go not according to
plan, right? Like when things are being
derailed, that's when you'll find out
what kind of leader you have when when
things outside the scope of management,
day-to-day management.
Yeah, I I think it's
not necessarily the the decisions that
are made. I think you can make poor
decisions and still be a a good leader.
Mhm. It's how you execute on those that
makes the biggest difference to how
people view it. Like I'm sure there's
been situations where you completely
disagree and that sense you went to his
army and you're like,
this is stupid.
Mhm. But
when it was executed, rolled out with
enough justification, you get enough
buy-in to do the job well regardless of
your belief and you put that Yeah.
aside and and still do things.
Totally. I [snorts] I feel like good
leadership allows that to happen.
Mhm.
[clears throat]
Even when people haven't bought into the
idea. Great leadership
is when you have the right decisions and
get people bought in regardless.
Yeah. Yeah. I I imagine it kind of like
you know, I've had you know, been the
I've had so many bosses over time and
they're your real boss, right? Like and
you
[clears throat]
when you're in a platoon, the platoon
commander will change every 2 years at
the minimum, right? So, you get a new
officer in charge of the 30 odd guys
every 2 years. And then the officer
commanding, so who will be running the
company, which is like three platoons
make a company. So, that's a major's
job. Still change
Well, why do they do that? Is there a
reason for that?
career progression sort of how it goes
for them. And so, one of the big issues
that you find in military, we call the
train set syndrome, right? Is where an
officer say the ranks are a little bit
different in special forces, but the way
it worked at our unit is that a captain
will be your platoon commander. Normally
in the regular army it's a lieutenant,
right?
Yeah. But our ranks are kind of one
higher. So, a captain will be your
platoon commander and he's only going to
be a platoon commander of an assault
platoon for 2 years in his entire
career. He maybe will go to one of the
supporting roles. He might go to snipers
or something and be like at the sniper
platoon commander for a further 2 years
if he's extremely lucky.
Yeah. But so, he's been he's done all of
his training. He's done, you know,
depends on whether he got a degree or
whatever. He might have done 7 years of
training to get to this point.
He stays there for 2 years. And he
knows, this is my time to shine. I've
got 2 years. So, we call it the train
set syndrome because if I if you've
wanted to play with a train set your
whole life and I say to you, James,
here's the train set, but you're only
allowed to play with it for two 2 days,
right?
You're going to play with that train set
like crazy.
Mate, I'm going to turn it on to full
blast.
Yeah.
to run out of batteries on the first day
cuz I'm not going to stop playing with
that train set.
Yeah, cuz you only get one chance,
right? And then we're going to take that
train set off of you, you're going to go
somewhere else, and somebody else is
going to get to play with that train
set. But, here's the problem. That's not
a train set, that's 30 dudes who don't
move. So, the issue is every, you know,
2 years you get some new guy in who's
this is my time to shine. And if he's
going to be competitive with his peers,
if he wants to be promoted the same way
that, you know, his peers are going to
be, he needs to do something special.
And the way he's going to do something
special is by, you know, show a
spreadsheet and say, "At the end of the
year, this is what we did this year."
He's going to show all these activities,
and this is what we achieved. And he now
has all these guys underneath him who
are the people they're the train set
that are being forced to achieve that.
He also knows this is it. For 2 years, I
can work as hard as I want, right? I I
can my family will forgive me. For 2
years, I can work as hard as I want
because this is the start of my career.
If I want to get to colonel, Whatever
happens here is is setting me up for
life.
100%. Yeah, okay. So, I will forgo my
personal life. I will forgo everything
else because this is the most important
time in my life.
Yeah. I want as many carriages coming
home with me. But, the problem is those
guys in the platoon, that's their
day-to-day, right? So, you get these
guys like
See people come in, come out.
Yeah. And so, the the the the boss comes
in and he says, "Well, it's only 2 years
for me. I'm going to go hard in the
paint." Yeah. But, the guys in the
platoon, they get a new guy every 2
years that says, "I'm going to go hard
in the paint."
Just another guy that's, yeah. So, the
very best leaders I've ever seen are the
people that acknowledge that. And they
say, "Hey, you know, I'm not going to be
that. I I'm And and what's interesting
is that they get the best performance,
right?
I've seen some officers that were
incredible platoon commanders, and very
often they are the ones that go the
furthest. And the reason they are, they
turn out there's different roles, and as
platoon commanders, there was a you
know, I won't say their names, but there
were officers that guys would die for.
They were the best. The absolute best.
And then then they they perform
exceptionally well. They get promoted
into, let's say, an XO position, and as
an XO, they don't have guys directly
under them. They're the 2IC to the to
the the company commander, and it turns
out they're
It turns out they're the like the worst
people ever. But, they knew the way to
make myself look good and continue my
career is to have a well-oiled
functioning platoon.
Yeah. And the best way to do that is to
look after the boys. Mhm. So, as a
platoon commander, they looked after the
boys incredibly, Mhm. right? And then
so, the boys are like, "Well, we'll work
I'll work my ass off for you because I
like you, and I want to I want to
perform to the maximum of my standard so
that you do well, right? And I know that
you'll look after me no matter what."
Yeah.
And you think that that's a character
trait of that person. You think that's
who they really are.
just doing it as a Totally a career
move. Because then when they're in the
next move, and the boys liking them is
not helpful, they don't care. They're
like they just roll over all the boys.
The same boys or different boys? The
everyone. They don't care because at
that point, the listed guys can't affect
like their job performance, right? They
they as the XO, they report only to the
officer commanding, the OC, right?
Okay, yeah. The boys, you know, and
their performance is not a direct
indicator of them, and so they're like,
"Well, I don't care about you anymore. I
cared about you deeply last year because
last year your performance was a
reflection of my performance, right?
But, this year
your performance is none of my business,
so I don't care."
It's interesting. Is that the best way
to go about it? See,
we kind of having that not necessarily a
problem, but an acknowledgement that it
could potentially be a problem with our
now account managers. We're putting some
of our best sales guys into that account
management role, which hurts us cuz
they're not making sales. They're our
best sales guy. But, these are the guys
that are that ambitious that they want
career progression. You know, like some
of them I'll go out and buy another
company for them to run. Mhm. At which
point they'll step out of that role. So,
there there might be, and it's not
something we've thought heavily about.
There's probably going to be that turn
over the next couple of years of people
stepping into that position Mhm. where
they're running teams. Mhm. Now,
there's it's interesting, and that's
where culture comes in to stop that from
becoming a problem. Yeah. And and the
biggest thing that you have to do that
is that account manager role, or that
What was the word you used? What's the
name? Officer? The Yeah, officer, yeah.
Officer. The in my opinion, the way that
you prevent that from becoming an issue
from the 30 guys in that squad for the
next 10 years
is you need to build a culture around
that role. Mhm. And [clears throat] um
the one thing that I learned really
heavily from um Craig Bellamy, who
recognized that, players come and go
over time. If you want to be able to
build a legacy,
then
there has to be something more attached
to them coming in and being a fullback,
coming in and being a front rower. Mhm.
And they they put the minor concept that
you next man up. Mhm. Right? You come in
and you leave the jersey or that number,
that role better than where you left it.
And that that whole I ideology that they
buy into for that career
is that sure, I'm going to be the next
hooker after what, say, Cameron Smith
was. For guys in the US, it's probably
relevant to you, but
Google [snorts] Tom Brady, for instance.
Yeah. Right? So, the guy that replaces
Tom Brady, he's like, "I'm going to I've
come in and I've stepped into this guy's
role. It's now my responsibility to
further that legacy of that position.
Mhm. And then in 100 years, they're not
going to be talking about one
individual, they're going to be talking
about the system that develops people to
step up into that role. Yeah. And that
whole next man up mentality is to be
like, "Okay, I'm going to come in and
I'm going to leave that position better
than where I left it."
Mhm. And because of that, you have
people come in and go, "All right, well,
this is what this guy did really well.
He was the best to the boys. Other guys,
they just want to play with that train."
Mhm. And building in a culture of like
excellence is like your role is to be
better than what he was in areas X, Y,
Z. Yeah. Then all of a sudden, you have
people coming in to fulfill and step in
without any change or effect to those 30
people whose lives are on the line for
the making a decision. Mhm. And I think
that's the only way that you can get
that platoon or
group group or whatever
Yeah. long-term results over a long-term
period of time is making sure that that
leadership role
has a bit of a legacy. It has a
guideline of exactly what it needs to be
to create a
a really strong succession model. Yeah.
And that model is it always has to be
bigger than the person that's in the
role. Mhm. It's about something more,
and that's how you build the culture to
have that long-term success. And
Here's the question is, cuz it's it
sounds like from the way that you
explained it, that necessarily wasn't
done well.
Yeah, it's more about capability. So,
like in the military, it's more about
make sure that they you preserve the
capability, right?
Yeah. So, that would be like what an
officer is being assessed against is
like, did they maintain capability
throughout the year, and is the platoon
still functional the following year for
someone else to take over? And, you
know, for for the most part, they all do
that. Like, there's no one that's
terrible, right? There's just varied
degrees of success.
They're varying degrees of greatness.
Yeah. Exactly. And I think one of the
things that the military does quite
well, and I think that it's something
that maybe, you know, could be I think
that the the corporate structures that I
see that sort of take this on, it works
well, is that there's a 2IC of of every
in every, you know, whatever size group
you want to pick from the military,
there's an officer that's in charge of
it, right? And he will do that short
stint in it, but there's also an an
enlisted guy that is his kind of
equivalent job, and he's his, you know,
second in command of the platoon, but
his job is not functional command. His
job is to sort of, you know, represent
the
the the guys who stay there, the
enlisted guys. Mhm. So, for example, my
first year as a sniper platoon sergeant,
right? So, that for me within snipers,
Which is 2IC. Yeah. So, within snipers,
as an enlisted guy, as a person who
joined the army as a private, Yeah. to
stay within a platoon, that's the
highest rank you can be. You're the
platoon sergeant, right? And so then,
there's a platoon commander, a captain
that comes in, and he's he's the actual
platoon commander, Mhm. but he's brand
new to the unit. When I was a platoon
When I was a sniper platoon sergeant,
this guy had literally just finished his
training to get into the unit, and he
gets brought in. He's got no experience
within the unit whatsoever, doesn't know
anybody, and he's in charge, right? And
is expected to be able to get the best
out of all of you guys when he doesn't
know the strengths and weaknesses of
every individual. So, what I found in
every instance, now I had an he was very
very good. Yeah. And what when he came
in, I was like, "Hello. Like, you like
I've been in this unit for 12 years."
[laughter]
I literally grew up in this unit. I
joined I was I got here when I was 19.
So, like there's nothing I don't know
about this job.
Yeah. This is your first day, right?
Now, he's from the regular army and
knows a lot of stuff. And it's like,
"Hello, how's this going to go?" I'm
meeting this guy. I close the door, and
he says, "Man, I'm I'm absolutely
want your guidance on everything." And
what he said to me, and I'll never
forget, and it was it one of the best
you it's it's what I wanted to hear. He
said, "I'm in charge, and I'm
accountable, right? Like, if we if we
make mistakes, if we up, whatever,
I'm it's my head on the chopping block."
Yeah. I I get fired if Yeah. So, I get
final say in everything, but I will be
looking for your opinion on pretty much
everything, and I may not always take
it, Right? And he said that to me like
as clear as that, and he's you I'm going
to be looking to you for guidance. Never
feel like you can't offer me that,
Yeah. but I'm not always going to take
it. Because at the end of the day, it's
my it's my head on the chopping block."
And I was like, "Oh, can't ask for any
more than that." And there were times
when people would ask him questions.
Damon's his name. He's a great guy. He's
out of the army now. Mhm. But, and we're
Yeah, I think I'm 2 years older than
him. So, like he's the boss. He's very
much the boss. But, there were times
people would ask him questions, and he
would look at me and be like, Expecting
you to Yeah, what's the answer to that?
Like, and he didn't he didn't
there was no like I pretend that I know
more. He would be like, "No, that's a
that's a question for Pat, right?" And I
think that's what leadership is, right?
Like, I think that that is like when
he's like, "Okay, I'm I'm ultimately in
charge, but I'm not going to try and
move this pendulum like so so broadly.
I'm just going to steer it a little bit,
right? And it's it's my head on the
chopping block, but I I'm leading these
people, and these people are the ones
that actually do the work, right? So,
I'm going to take their input. I'm going
to I'm going to listen. I'm going to,
you know, take on board everything they
have to say. I'm not always going to do
it because maybe I know things they
don't, or at the end of the day he has
to truly believe in whatever decision he
makes to, you know, going forward
because he's the one enacting it and
he's accountable for it, right?
But to me, that's what leadership was. I
was like, "Okay, this guy's a great
leader. He has the capacity to be a like
he has that genetic genus equa, whatever
it is. Like he's got that thing." And
now
responsibility. Yeah. And so, now I'm
I'm I feel great about this whole
situation. He's going to he's going to
guide, he's going to take control, he's
going to take on board everything I
offer him. And will he do it all the
time? No. But but at least he'll hear me
out. And there were times where he
would, you know, come up with a decision
and I'd say like, you know, and and
there's a responsibility that comes from
holding that position. Like I would
never do that you know, in a
disrespectful way. I would never do that
publicly in front of the guys cuz they
have to see us as a team. And we would
have to close the door sometimes and
duke it out, right? That happens a lot
with me Matt. Yeah, exactly. But
when we come to a decision on that
point, now we get in front of everyone.
And if we were going his way, I smile
and nod and I agree entirely with his
way in front of all the boys because
having that split leadership is
like that is a big problem. And and the
thing is if um the the biggest um the
risk factor there
is if you're hesitant and you show
hesitant to your guys. Like they've been
there with you for 10 10 years or
whatnot. Even if it's not been that
long. They know when you are going to
doubt that decision. That creeps in and
they'll begin to doubt it. Yeah. You
know, yeah, it's funny. Like the the way
with me and Matt the relationships works
is we have those same conversations.
You know, he he'll he'll be wrong from
time to time. I'll be wrong from time to
time. We admit when we're we're wrong.
And once you admit it and go, "Yeah, you
know what? That people like ah, you're
only human." Yeah. And people get so
afraid of doing that. And I think the
biggest difference between managers and
leaders
is leaders want to be held accountable
for managers want to pass on that
accountability to someone else. Right?
That's the biggest thing that I've seen.
And when people step into leadership
positions, it's like they're not leaders
because well, some are, but
hypothetically in this instance, some
people aren't leaders. They don't have
that capability because they're afraid
of, "Am I going to lose my job if I get
this wrong?" And when that
[clears throat] fear creeps in, people
make poorer and poorer decisions. They
get less buying because you can sense
the hesitancy and fear. But those those
conversations happen with Matt. He'll
say, "This is what I want to do." I'll
be like, "Yeah,
that's that's great. Go for it."
Sometimes I'll be like, "I think you're
wrong.
And I think you're wrong for these
reasons." But a lot of the time is and
and vice versa. It's like, "I want to do
this." If he'll if he thinks I'm wrong
and and vice versa, I'll say, "Look, I
think you're wrong,
but I think you've earned enough respect
to be wrong. And you know what? If
you're wrong, you're wrong. I'm not
going to sit there and go, "I told you
so." Yeah. But if it's something I
completely disagree with, I'll be like,
"That's stupid." That's when in both of
us there's now foot's down. Like you
cannot do that for these reasons. Here's
why. If you go ahead and do it anyway
even after that conversation, [laughter]
then there's a another That's never
happened. You know, it probably never
will.
is why it's a successful business.
Yeah. But um it's vice versa. Like I
think people reserve the right to
up and get things wrong. Yeah. And we've
we've done that many many times. We've
done it where we've both thought it was
the right decision. We've done it where
it's been a
50/50. It's like, "I'm not sure about
this, but I'll give you the benefit of
the doubt. If it works, it works. If it
doesn't, well, these are the risk
factors. This is what we've lost in
Yeah. pursuing that." And but I think
that has a lot to do with the
relationship between two leaders where
one says, "Hey, I want to do A." And the
other says, "Hey, I think there's some
problems with A. I'd prefer to do B."
Yeah. And in in a good relationship, he
says, "No, no, I'm I have a strong
feeling about A." And you go, "Hey,
these are the problems that I see with
it."
We'll we'll do it. Just be aware of
them. But now we [snorts] have risk
mitigation strategies, right? Because
we've had this conversation and we know
well, maybe I've thought about things
that you didn't. Maybe I've put some
more weight into the likelihood of those
things happening than you did. So, at
least now we can risk mitigate. We can
be aware of that, you know, a problem a
problem foreseen is a problem known,
right? And it's easier to to deal with
than it just blindsiding us. So, we can
prepare for that and you carry on doing
what you intended to do anyway. And I
[snorts] will take the backseat, but I
will be prepared to fix those issues if
and when they come up. And that's that's
the perfect relationship. The the best
ones are when you know, we've had
conversations like I want to do this.
I'm like, "What are you stupid?"
[laughter]
Like, did you think about this? Oh, no,
yeah, you're right. We shouldn't do
that. Yeah. And vice versa. [laughter]
Yeah, totally. It's like, "Oh, yeah,
okay." And that's why it's good to have
someone else where
if it's [snorts] a one person road and
there's there isn't that that 2IC to
bounce off.
Yeah. You're going to make a decision
thinking that it's right and not be
like, "Huh." Yeah. And and I think on
that point, mate, I think like it's
important that both those people are
working towards the same outcome. If if
if you know, if they're working towards
separate outcomes, they never get along.
But when they're working towards
[snorts] the same outcome, they can go
about the same thing in really different
ways conjunctively. Have you ever seen
that show Generation Kill? Have you ever
seen that? I've I've heard of it, but
I've not watched it. So, it's a true
story. It's about the Marine Force
Recon, which later became MARSOC, which
you know, will Which is what it was at
the time. So, it it's the unit sort of
pre his time in that unit. And it's
about the invasion into Iraq. It's
really good. And actually, it's very
accurate because quite a few people play
themselves in it or play other people.
Like the main character guy, he's he's
not he doesn't play himself cuz they
needed a real actor to play him, but he
was Yeah, he's one of the background
characters, but he's there to make sure
that he is portrayed correctly. There's
a guy in it who's fruity rudy and that's
like he's really fruity rudy. He's the
he's the guy,
yeah.
But there's a part in it where the RSM,
so the RSM is the the highest ranking
enlisted guy. So, for a when you have a
colonel, right, who would run a whole
unit, colonel being really high rank,
there's another guy who's a warrant
officer class one that like always hangs
around with him. And the RSM's job is to
look after the boys, right? And the RSM
in it is this hard ass annoying like
everybody hates him. And there's this
part where the the colonel makes a
couple of sort of bad decisions and
things aren't going that well. And the
RSM looks at him and he says like, "Do
you do you need me to go and do a
haircut check?" Right? And there's a
couple of moments where like, you know,
they're they're they're in Iraq. They
have like it's all going bad there.
They're having these horrendous times.
And he's picking on like ridiculous
details of their uniform and that kind
of stuff. Yeah. And so, what it becomes
evident at this point is like the RSM,
who they all hate,
has chosen to
the guy that's hated. Yeah, to take the
pressure. Yeah. He goes because they
have to love you. They have to He goes,
"I don't give battlefield instructions,
right? Like I I just you know, he
fulfills an admin role. They have to
love the leader and they have to follow
through with what he says. And if they
think I'm if they think they're going to
get angry at you, I'll redirect that
anger to myself." And it turns out like
he's one of the people like he's one of
the most important people in the whole
thing. They think he's a pain in the
ass. They think that he just causes
problems. But all the problems that
that's so calculated. And he keeps
morale headed in a certain direction.
And he chose like, you know, I guess
selflessly to be like, "I don't It
doesn't matter whether they love or hate
me." Yeah. He's at the end of his career
anyway. So, like it doesn't affect,
right? That's that's the pinnacle rank.
He can't go anywhere else. So, he's
like, "All that matters is I do my job
well." And and them liking me is not
necessarily part of my job. There's
there's times that it would be, but in
this instance, he's like, "It's
important that they follow you blindly
than like me." Yeah, yeah. And that that
happens a lot in that. It's pretty
similar to how our relationship works.
There's certain things that like he
can't get involved with.
Uh because it's going to cause him
Matt's going to get stressed out for
that. It's like, "Okay, I'll deal with
these problems then because you are
responsible for bringing us an income.
If that goes away, that's a problem for
everyone." Yeah. So, as a shield, it's
like I'll step in here and I'll handle
this. But [clears throat]
you have to have that. In every
organization, there needs to be those
people that are like
fix problems when when they occur. You
have the hard decisions. Sorry, and the
hard conversations and are prepared to
play the bad guy a little bit in order
that the machine keeps going forward,
for sure. Um like, you know, I guess
it's like a much like a sergeant at
arms. Depending on you know,
in in the army, we would call it like
the the RSM or the CSM fills that role,
the company sergeant major or the
regiment sergeant major. And in the
biker gangs, they call it the the
sergeant at arms. You know, and and in a
lot of workplaces like this, they call
it the HR department. You know what I
mean? Like it's the same role where it's
like, "No, I have to be holding
everybody accountable, right?" No one
likes HR.
[laughter]
But I've never I've I've never had any
dealings. I
I just don't want to grow to the size
where we're going to need one. Yeah,
yeah. We will.
It's just like, "Oh, man, I don't want
to be able to talk about what we just
edited it out." If someone's sitting
there yelling at me, "We probably need
that." Yeah, probably. Oh, man.
If you listen to the pod, we said some
dumb that we probably shouldn't have
said yeah, many [snorts] times. And uh I
think that's one of the issues with
creating content, mate. I think that you
walk a fine line between authenticity
and saying dumb things. Yeah. And I
think that, you know, you say things
This is context, right? Like you you and
I can have a conversation about
something that we just talked out there
and it would be an ongoing joke. You
know, and you deliver the punchline once
again in here without the context, it's
like, "I can't believe you would say
that, right?" Yeah, yeah. Cancel culture
is is running rampant these days. But I
want to go back. You mentioned uh it was
it was Damon we were talking about,
right? He's 2 years younger. Mhm. No
idea about how your unit works.
Yeah, well I mean like conceptual like
he does you know but not at the the
micro level.
But he's he's presumably he studied in
officer school. Yeah, yeah. Well not to
come in and to be able to step into that
leadership he's probably studied more
strategic battlefield tactics which yeah
doesn't happen. You guys you guys study
the execution of Okay, officer says jump
we figure out how high we need to jump.
Exactly, right? So they do high-level
planning and that kind of stuff. I mean
my question is like I would look at that
and
this is coming they probably have very
strong reasons as to why that happens.
You're sitting there as 2IC.
I mean the way I would look at that for
our business is like I wouldn't want to
be training someone over here to come in
and do that. I would want to offer our
guys particularly probably the 2IC an
ascension pathway
and the educational whatnot to be able
to step into that role.
Because ultimately if you had the same
as strategic execution whatever they
they study you're always going to be a
better person to lead that team purely
based on the relationships the
understanding and have been Yeah. on the
ground like
is that something that happens or is
just Yeah,
no it does and there's a few reasons why
and and it it is maybe really specific
to military I don't not sure that it
crosses over very well to the corporate
world because the reason you can do
that. So Yeah. As a as a enlisted guy
it's kind of like in military there's
usually sort of two streams. You join as
an officer or an enlisted guy. Mhm. And
you can jump. You can go from one to the
other.
Yeah. Now if you're up to the rank of
say corporal like you know sort of three
off the bottom or two off the bottom
depending on how you calculate it you
you it's like your service never
counted. So there was a guy that I was
in with I was a digger with he decided
he wanted to be an officer and you have
to go to the officer school and like
just like people who have just joined
the army and and want to be an officer
like everything you've done in the past
doesn't count for anything. It will help
you in being of an officer when you are
one but it doesn't there's no
recognition of your qualifications or
anything like that.
Once you get to the rank of sergeant and
it depends different units different you
know armies is like minor variances on
this but once you get to that rank then
they go like okay you have the skill set
that we would have trained an officer to
be anyway cuz you're going to be the 2IC
to one. Once you've been in that rank
for at least 2 years
then you can do what they call in
Australia as work where you can change
to become an officer you can become a
captain. And you the course that you do
in order to do that they refer to as a
knife and fork course where they teach
you the
of being an officer right like that how
to iron the uniform and all that.
Yeah, it's a brief version. Yeah, it's
like 6 weeks of like how to you know
like accelerated officer stuff but
they're like the tactical and the actual
like leadership that you've got because
you've done all the courses to get to
that point and you've actually been
doing it.
People do that but not many because
the problem is those guys typically not
always but typically don't then progress
really very far past the rank of major.
So they'll they'll change over straight
away and be a captain and then maybe
they'll go up one more rank to major but
they're more on the tools people right
and they very often they don't perform
very well as very high ranking officers.
Yeah, okay. Right so they
Yeah, I thought it would have been one
of two reasons. One the bigger people
see you as either too valuable Mhm. to
ascend to those or they just see you as
dumb grunts. Yeah, it's it's really it's
more that they're tactical level people
and there's lots of reasons that but to
progress you know past colonel it's very
rare that you get a guy who joined as a
private soldier
and
goes to general all the way through the
ranks. That it's so incredibly rare. It
can happen.
In fact one of my good friends in in the
states is that right? Yeah. But it it's
very very rare.
More often if you're going to go through
the ranks of you know the enlisted guys
and then change over to be an officer
you're only going to make it to like a
third officer like a major because
that's kind of where your skill set is.
Skill set issue. Yeah, it will and it's
like that's where you kind of top out
because beyond that it's all political
like nonsense and and the guys who are
at the bottom they don't perform well at
that.
They are slower. Majority of them would
probably see that as
I don't want to be in that political
landscape because it's not me and
complete different cultures right?
Totally. So that's one of the reasons
and then of you know it's not a good use
of their
you know what happens in military as
well and I'm sure it's in corporate
space as well is that it's a pyramid
scheme and so in order for
to continue growing up the pyramid
people have to fall off right and and so
there's people who do want to push up
because they want to get to the top of
the pyramid and then if you're not if
you don't really really want to get
there and you're happy in a more like
tactical command level major kind of
level it's very easy to stay there. The
other thing is as well within Australian
army I'm not sure about the rest of the
world but colonels are on a renewable
contract so you know in the army so long
as you're performing adequately you stay
there forever right? But colonels they
can say to you hey man there's just no
job for you like you're out because
there just is no job
What what's like a I mean we're getting
really off topic but it's interesting.
This has nothing to do with sales it's
purely for my own selfish understanding
so deal with it guys.
Career progression like they're going to
move up in you know obviously they want
to become captains commanders whatnot.
[snorts]
Those guys that are not the grunts so
forgive me if I'm using the wrong
vernacular. Like yourself I would
consider you guys would have been grunts
right? That's what you'd refer to. Yeah,
well grunt usually is referred to as
like infantry.
Infantry okay yeah. So if you guys that
are more execution than strategy Yeah,
yeah. coming out of the army there's no
real
major career path there. But for those
guys that are the officers Yeah. there's
probably like you know they said they
are looking after their career whether
that's in the army or externally those
are the ones that are probably more
likely to be recruited from say like a a
big bank a law firm to come in and say
hey we want you to come and run teams
you've done that before. Is that am I I
right on the ball there? Yeah, yeah and
they and they do terribly normally right
so yeah. Well because the thing is you
go Well no there's no there's no hammer.
Mhm. See the thing is in the army like
there's a rank structure and that though
it exists as you know you can punish the
people below you significantly and
that's why the
away with it right? Well not just get
away with it you're meant to. So like I
only one time in my whole career used
the army discipline system correctly
right? Like every you know it's very
rare that anybody does that. I won't
bother with the details kind of boring
anyway but I said to this guy and he was
a friend and I said hey man I have to
charge you
Yeah. Right so like we're going to go
through the whole formal proceedings
because I told you not to do something
and you did.
That was dinner.
[laughter]
Um but he was a good friend and he was a
good dude but I told him not to do
something and he did and I was like I
know you took a calculated risk and I in
your position I may have even made the
same decision but the only reason this
whole system works
is because you have to do what I say and
you didn't and so now I have to go
through these channels and punish you
and like he lost three days pay and had
to and that's why the military works is
because even when you get people who are
bad leaders and they are at their
job and all these things
the structure You just have to do what
they you're told. You just have to
that's the way it goes right? And I've
had over my career in the military I've
had plenty of funny conversations with
people about that like you know I had a
guy that was like exceptionally rude to
me one day he was much higher rank than
me and I shut the door on him and I said
hey I'm going to do what you said
because I have to right? Like
don't want to.
I said if you
speak to me like that again I'll smash
your head in right?
[laughter]
Because it's totally unnecessary right?
So me and you will have like and I will
take the punishment for that when I do
it but it's totally unnecessary you
don't have to speak to me that way. I
have to do what you're telling me to do.
It's as simple as that right? So anyway
that doesn't exist in the corporate
world right? And and it's You can't just
smash his face up. Well but even in the
military it's very hard to do that these
days but
that's where I see a [clears throat] lot
of people leaving the army or or you
know any you know officers in a lot of
spaces they don't have the whip they
don't have the compulsion they don't
have the way to say to people like you
must beyond like you know you could fire
someone and even then that's not easy to
do right? It speak like if people are
proper employees you know so that's the
thing where a lot of people kind of fall
over and we talk in the army quite a lot
about respecting the rank not the man.
So like I could really dislike you but I
see those chevrons on you and I go well
I I'd have no respect for you as a
person but
You've done something right to be in the
position where you've been given that
and therefore So I'll do what you say
right? And I think that's one of the
things that I don't see in the civilian
world right? So there is no assumption
that like you're the director of the
company well start a company now and
become the director of a company and by
this afternoon I've got the paperwork
and I too am the same rank as you right?
So it doesn't that's where it falls over
and I think that's the big difference
that I see in that like you know to
actually be relevant to a this
conversation is that I think that in
more in the civilian world than in the
military world you really to be a leader
you need to be an effective leader
because people can just go get I'm not
doing that right? And and and you have
very little recourse whereas in the
military if people say that to you
you're like oh okay well you're not
getting paid like I can stop your pay I
can put you in jail right? Like just
being one rank higher than you I can if
I go through the right paperwork and
you've done all the right things like I
can put you in jail. So like let's
that's what avoids that system but as a
civilian people can just be like no I'm
not doing that. And I think
leadership is essentially just respect.
Yeah. Right? If you don't have respect
from people you're not a leader. But if
you are you never get into that position
where you have to.
All right, you shouldn't. I mean
occasionally maybe one guy could just be
a dick. Bound to happen where you're
just like oh that guy's a I'm
going to have to pull rank on him. But
you know, if your recruitment's right,
your culture's right, that person
doesn't stick around anyway.
So
we've never had an issue with that where
we've ever had to. Unless that person
was getting fired and for whatever
reason legally we couldn't do it without
taking a few boxes because they were an
employee as opposed to a contractor.
It's interesting. What like
I'm curious like some of the exercises
that you guys do in that platoon to you
know,
similar cultures I feel at least what
from side conversations people have
mentioned like being in that Tindall not
even that Tindall works for us, but he's
like oh you know, kind of feels like
being in the unit. You know, it just
kind of feels like that's what you guys
have built with with your staff. What
are like some of the things that they've
done selectively or
unintentionally that you feel that you
know, because the way that you guys talk
about it all those guys that like family
to you. Yeah. How have you or how is the
military structured it so that that
occurs? Yeah, that's a good question and
with the with that crew of dudes I kind
of don't know how that happened.
Because you thoroughly disliked Matt
when you first met right?
[laughter]
Understandable like I get it.
Well Matt we were young I just got back
from Afghanistan like literally got home
and he was at my house and I was like
[laughter]
I was like who is this guy?
But like him and Tindall would become
friends while I was gone. He got to the
unit while I was overseas. And I rock up
I'm like who is this dude? And he's he
had that
Yeah, and his voice was so annoying.
[laughter]
He was still very American accent but he
had this gross mole. Like now he sounds
much more Australian than than but his
accent used to be so different. And it
was this annoying melting pot accent and
I was just like who is this guy? And
anyway, I love him. He's my best friend
but like he I did not enjoy his company
at all. But then you work together and
you Although we didn't ever really work
together very much which is probably why
we get along
[laughter]
right? But I think it's just the reason
a lot of those guys get along so well is
that they they're just different
iterations of each other right? So it's
the it's the same if you like yourself
you'll like those guys because it
attracts the same people.
And it's funny like we very strong Well,
I mean I don't know whether Matt did but
it was part of my my plans and my
structure to bring this up is that
through our social network I wanted to
make it very very clear like how our
culture is. The type of people that we
have in the company, what those values
are, what we set as standards and just
harp it in harp it in harp it in. This
is what we do here. This is why we do
it. This is if you want to to get this
if you want help to get to here here
here here this is the place for you.
Purely [clears throat] for the purpose
that all of a sudden we started
attracting people that fitted well for
what we wanted in the same way that like
yourself you like the people around you.
And because of that we we don't get
kickers that are apply.
Not as many as what we used to. It's not
just random dudes looking for a job. I
mean they do if they haven't seen who we
are but they usually don't. All of our
applications come from you know,
watching the content going those guys
are killing it. I want to go work there.
And
because of that there's only people that
fit the same standards that we want. We
only get guys that go ah I want to be
good. I want you to make me here. I I
still to this day and probably will for
the foreseeable future every single
employee have nothing to do with the
hiring process. But as soon as someone
comes on and they come into the company
they have to meet with me once they've
gone through all the onboarding
one-on-one just so I can have a
conversation with them
and
say hey you know, this is not formal.
Just want to give you the time and no
matter how big we get we're going to
give every individual the time because
you've probably got questions you want
to ask. And it's really funny that we
get a lot of the particularly younger
kids that shell shocked. They're like oh
my god can't believe I get to talk to
you. It's like why? You're just a
person. Yeah. I like beer and
same as you.
[laughter]
They're like oh really like pinching
themselves. I'm like yeah, is there
anything you want to talk about? And
it's always the same thing is like how
do I get the most out of this
opportunity? How do I progress? What
should I focus on? It's like yeah, this
is it's it's interesting and No one
asked what kind of beer. Yeah, we we
don't get guys on there that are just
going how do I do the least amount
possible to get a results? Like that's
just the wrong wrong question. It's such
a cliche but I think one of the things
you hear a lot in the military is like
the standard you accept is the standard
you set. Yeah. And I think that's one of
the things that I noticed here is that
that's what's carried over from a lot of
the like from back of the unit is that
guys hold each other to a high standard
and you have fun and you around and you
should be friends but if someone does
bad work
Yeah. And if like if some if Matt says
to me like hey you're underperforming
like I I love him and he loves me I know
it right? So like if if I get critical
feedback it's because it's to grow. It's
it's not to cut me down. There's no
there's there's nothing to gain in that.
Like he's not trying to inflate his own
ego. And and not just with me like you
know, because we are friends but with
everybody I see around. If he if if
someone gets bad feedback it's because
they've done poorly. Not because they
want to be belittled or you know, it's
not trying to make himself feel big by
making others feel small. Never. We've
almost had problems with that where we
haven't given enough critical feedback
to our guys.
Right? It is something that we've
acknowledged
recently because we've made so many
changes and we had some of our guys
being left with a well what did I do do
wrong because you've moved me around.
And we've
driven it home that you guys are killing
it and doing a great job. But I'm going
to move you over here now.
And for those guys it's um
oh what did I do wrong to get moved?
What we're telling them is oh you're
doing a great job but with the people
that we attract
they're the same people like they are
leaders. They want that accountability.
And for me if you say I'm going to put
you over here I'll be like well
[snorts]
there has to be a reason for that. You
know, so what could I do better here so
that doesn't happen? And we've just re-
recently come to the realization that
whilst these guys are killing it we
continuously have to give them that
critical feedback because they're
dying for like where do I get better?
How do I get better? Where do I put the
reps in? I'm putting reps in but am I
putting them in the right place? And um
yeah, it's it's funny like with those
guys you just you have to give them what
they need because if that ties into and
that's part of recognizing that as
leadership is like oh this guy's not
getting what he needs to be 100%
confident. So if I have that guy
operating at 90% and four guys operating
at 90% that's amazing. I'll take it
every day of the week.
And that's normal for most regular
people.
But those guys that are operating at 90%
if they're the ones that want to be at
100 it'll never be good enough and we
have to continuously find ways to to
progress them
move them out of that that IC role into
the the leadership roles and find other
ways around that. And it's getting all
of those guys confident.
It makes the growth of the company so
quick because they'll do things
that you don't expect them to do.
They'll take initiative over here.
They'll come to us when they've got
problems. Whereas if they're not
confident they're like I'm not sure if
I'm making the right decision here. So
we'll hesitate on making one
which could shoot us in the foot. I
think it's super important. Did you guys
find that
the individuals in the unit? Yeah, for
sure. So I think I don't know if you
guys do it here but you know, one thing
that the army does is formal reporting
every year at a minimum every year
usually twice where you know, it's not
like hey you're doing a good job or hey
you need to pick things up. It's like
here is a piece of paper that you have
like we have listed everything that you
did well and things that you did poorly
and we're we're going to go through this
together. You can do feedback. There's a
there's a place on here where you can
write things and you can rebut this if
you want so it's on record that you
don't accept this as being like true.
Whatever you want you can refute it but
we're both going to sign it at the end
and that's going in your personal
personnel file and you know where you
stand. And I think
as much as a giant pain in the ass that
is to do like administratively you know,
I've written those reports. It's a giant
pain in the ass. It takes a big chunk of
time.
It's fantastic cuz you know where you
stand right? And then you can pull that
out later and go you know, when you when
when you are overlooked or something
happens you can say like hey like I've
got this report that says I'm doing well
and I'm not being
rewarded so you need to amend you need
to my next reporting needs to show that
to me because I don't know what I can do
and and we can demonstrate I don't know
cuz you haven't given me that feedback.
Or you can it can have that feedback on
there and then when you don't get the
job that you wanted or the promotion or
you whatever you go well here it is. I
know why.
Okay, I think if there's like one thing
that we can give you guys to take away
is how
I'd handle that conversation. Right? And
for the the guys listening whether
you're business or in sales
you know that whoever's looking after
you is in is going to be able to get you
to where you want to be based on the way
that they handle that conversation
around where you need to be better. And
the way that that I always bridge it
with the guys is getting a full
understanding of where they want to be.
Right? And let's just say they're not
performing.
Almost do that critique sandwich thing
which I think is pretty
need something to soften to hear it you
probably not the guy.
Usually in those conversations like it
starts off to be like you know, I think
you've been great. Like these are the
things that you're killing it on. This
is what we're super impressed with. This
is what we want to see you continue.
Like that doesn't need any work here.
What does need work and what needs
address is I feel like you've dropped
the ball in this area.
Or this particular area isn't meeting
expectations. Right? So my question to
you is like what have you know, you
always take responsibility. What is it
that I haven't given you
for you to be able to be the best in
this area? And what is it that you need?
And let's acknowledge that that's not
good enough. And based on where you want
to be, you want to be here.
This has to be fixed for you to move
into that position. Like you cannot move
into that role if this is another level
that's required. So the question is like
where is the skill set gap? And I need
to understand what part is missing.
Where are we failing in that so that we
can give you the skill set
[clears throat]
to move you into that ultimate goal of
what you want. Then usually we break
down where that is, put in a plan to be
like, okay, well maybe you need some
one-on-one time. Maybe we need to meet
on a monthly basis to go through and
give you the skill to be able to make
those decisions.
It's it's a flawless process. Yeah.
People they get the the hard advice.
You're not angry at them for doing it
because why should you be? Unless they
majorly up, then you have every
right to be.
But it always has to be a progression.
If someone wants to be here and wants to
be there, they're always going to follow
your advice. They're always going to
follow your leadership
if you give them the action steps to get
to where they want to be. Yeah. I agree,
man.
So for the entrepreneurs, if you've got
sales guys that aren't performing, take
them through that process. It could be
something that they don't understand the
script. They don't understand the
product. You need to figure out where
that gap is and then fill it. And
usually if you have those hard
conversations, you give them the steps
they need to be to get to that sales
manager or or whatnot. It's it's usually
usually just a matter of time if you put
the right process in place. Yeah,
totally. I agree. And it's it's a you're
building the team rather than like
degrading it. That's that's that's
really what I think leadership comes
down to. We've we've always had those
bosses where we just thought were were
terrible and never listened to them.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Sounds like a perfect
place to wrap it up. It does. Thank you
guys for listening. Pat, you want to
lead out the outro? Yeah. Hey, thanks
for watching / listening. If you're on
if you're listening on a podcast
platform, one of the things that's
actually, you know, surprisingly
necessary is reviews on podcast
platforms. So if you could jump in if
you like this kind of stuff, if you like
where we're going with the podcast,
please write it down, let people know.
Helps with the algorithm, lets other
people find information that you're
finding helpful. The other one is on
YouTube. If you're watching on YouTube,
don't forget to like and and subscribe
and all that kind of stuff.
Comment. Absolutely. Comment. All those
things. And and not just to help out
with the algorithm, but to create a
conversation, let us know if we're on
the right track and we can, you know,
steer and guide the ship in accordance
with what people want to hear. Yeah, I
mean we we went on a few tangents there.
Funnily enough, that's exactly what
happens with that, right? Um That's
podcast life. But if you guys found like
let us know in the comment section what
you found valuable. And if there is an
overwhelming response to something
specific, then we're happy to do a
YouTube video to elaborate on that and
go into more detail than just two dudes
chat, really. Sounds good. Thanks, guys.
See you. Let me just sound
No comment.
[laughter]
[snorts]
And don't get I need to get more
concise. Yeah, maybe. I think
the only thing I was worried about last
time is just try and stay consistent
from the microphone. Like from a
technical I just stop.
Yeah. Like and just bring it with you.
You know, if you want to change
positions, just bring it with you.
