Most reps are practicing sales the wrong
way. And honestly, it's not even your
fault. You've been fed the same guru
garbage for years, talking about rigid
scripts, frameworks, objection handling
drills, tonality drills, and really,
these things only work on prospects that
have been like labbotomized prior to the
call. It's like someone handing you a
guitar, giving you a chord diagram,
having you stare at it for 6 months, and
then going like, "All right, dude, shred
me a solo."
That's basically how most sales training
works these days. But here's the truth.
Those are closed skills. And you just
practicing that crap over and over again
isn't going to make you better. You can
obsess, memorize, do everything, but in
reality, that's only like 10% of what
actually matters on a call. Right
[music] now, you're trying to perform
open skills, artistic kind of chaotic
things, [music] and you're training it
in a closed sales drill environment. And
those things just don't mesh in reality.
Because what I'm going to do is I'm
going to show you how to actually train
sales. I'm going to show you how
musicians, athletes, and true
professionals actually [music] train
things to get better and go from that
kind of rigid mechanical type vibe where
maybe you're only good on role plays,
but you can't translate it into actual
[music]
freedom, expression, fluidity, and how
to be comfortable on a sales call. Okay?
Okay, so if you give me a few minutes,
this one is a little bit in depth, but
I'm going to show you how to actually
train [music] sales so that you can get
better. And after today, once you
realize this, it'll never be the same
for you again. So, let's get into it.
So, in this video, I'm going to be
giving you three big ideas or concepts
that you can use in order to massively
increase your ability to make sales.
So, let's start with big idea number
one, which is going to completely change
everything for you and kind of give you
a couple of aha moments. All right. It's
the distinction between closed and open
skills. And these are like scientific
terms from motor learning. Okay. Closed
skills and open skills are two
completely different things. You can't
train them the same way. All right.
Closed skills, the goal of them is to
repeat the same action in the same way
every time. So, think of sports with no
opponent, like shooting at a gun range,
right? It's a fixed environment and it's
very controlled, right? So, think of
word tracks. Think of uh like rigid like
reciting rigid frameworks. Think of
memorizing uh you know uh memorizing
exact rebuttals, right? If you've ever
been told like what to say when, you
know what I mean? Say this if they say
that, that kind of stuff. And it's
practicing lines, which kind of no
pressure. So, what these are, these are
controlled, predictable, and safe. And
closed skills make you really precise.
So again, it's not that there's one
that's worse than the other or one
that's better than the other. It's just
these are totally different types of
skill sets and we can't train them the
same way. So then we have open skills.
The goal of open skills is they're
dynamically and constantly changing
environments. Okay? And so think about
instead of being in a shooting range,
it's shooting while being shot at.
Instead of being in a range in a
controlled environment, you're on the
side of a mountain. I used to be a
sniper in special forces. you're on the
side of a mountain shooting north down a
hill and the wind's coming at you. You
have a lot of like a lot of environment
that you can't necessarily control.
Plus, you have a lot of pressure. Okay?
So, you can see how there's a real
distinction there between like sales uh
training and actual sales. Like just
because someone is great at a range
doesn't mean they're going to be good
shooting in a war zone because there's a
whole different pressure and levels of
variability. And there is some uh
although you need those closed skills,
if you never trained outside of that,
then uh you wouldn't be good in war or
at least you wouldn't have an idea and
you wouldn't be able to put all of those
skills together all at once to be able
to be successful. Okay? So only training
closed drills, right, does not help you
adapt that into a real life environment.
And most role plays done in sales
training are a closed skill because
they're they're very simple, right? And
what it doesn't help you do is is sort
of put a lot of the connecting tissue
together. Okay, so some of the things
that I've done is like a 12minut
speedrun roleplay. Okay, you have 12
minutes to go through the whole thing,
but you can't talk too fast. So that
teaches a bunch of things which I'm
going to go in later in the video. I'm
going to break down exactly what some of
these exercises do and what skill sets
they increase and what they don't and
when you would use them and why. We've
also got like a king of the ring
objection style sparring, right, where
you just go through a bunch of different
people. And then you've got like
improvising with imperfect information,
which is really important because you
don't always have all the information.
Okay. Um, so closed skills are designed
to make you precise and open skills are
designed to make you elite. Right? Both
are important. However, you train them
differently. And if you are watching
this, it's probably because like what I
see in my programs at least and what
I've seen sales training all the people
that I've done is that people struggle
at mastering the open skills. Okay, so
the big idea kind of summarized is that
closed skills and open skills require
very different training methodologies.
So after being a full-time rep for over
13 years, running some of the largest
sales training businesses on the planet
and training tens and tens of thousands
of reps, what I see is that most sales
training companies are using methods
that teach closed skills and pretty much
only closed skills because to be fair,
it's a much easier thing to coach in
practice. But this is also mainly
because coaches themselves are generally
people who are at least fairly good at
sales, right? And what this means is
that you're being taught by people who
are generally high-erforming sales reps.
Now, that's not a necessarily a bad
thing because I don't think you'd want
your coach to be a bad sales rep.
However, I want to explain to you why
that can be an issue. So I'll give you
an analogy like uh if you look at like
guitar for example, okay, just because
someone can shred like crazy doesn't
mean that they are going to be a good
guitar [music] teacher. In the same way
where just because someone's great at
sales or gets a good outcome in sales,
it doesn't mean that they are 100%
completely aware of all the things that
they're doing in order to be good. Like
Messi might not be able to describe
exactly what he's doing to get the
perfect shot every time or to know
exactly where people are going to be
because he's just so [ __ ] TALENTED.
AND THAT DOESN'T TAKE AWAY FROM the hard
work that it takes to be good. But if
you are someone who got good quickly,
you're probably not going to be that
good of a coach. People who are get good
at things quickly. People who get good
at sales quickly generally don't become
great coaches because they don't have to
sit down and try and pull out and
clearly articulate everything that
they're doing. And there will be some
things in which they're doing which are
causing successes and removing certain
problems that which they don't even
realize are happening because they're a
byproduct of just being good at the
thing naturally. Okay? So if you ever
wonder why you're struggling to put all
of the pieces together, it's because
you're only being taught closed skills
by people that have natural talent.
Okay? So if you sell for two years and
you become a sales coach, the chances
are that you got good enough to be uh
considered good enough at sales to be a
sales coach that quickly. There's a
level of high level of natural aptitude
there. Okay. And also given the fact
that sales has a really high attrition
rate, people don't stay in sales for
that long. You know, it's a high
turnover kind of industry. Uh that means
that the people who get good that
quickly, who want to become coaches,
okay, um they rise to the top quite
fast. And the people who took forever to
get good either like just gave up long
before they got good enough, right? Or
they might not have the demeanor to want
to coach people because what they had to
do with themselves to get themselves
that good is was just too much to kind
of try and translate to other people.
Okay. Now, for me, I was terrible at
sales. When I say suck, I mean I sucked.
And I'm going to cut away now to a real
sales call of me after 5 years of
full-time selling.
>> Yeah. All right, man. Would you want to
have you have you got a few minutes to
chat TO
>> TODAY, JUNIOR?
>> YEAH, SURE.
>> YEAH, MAN. SO, like what sort of sparked
your interest? What are you looking for
at the moment?
>> Guess it really.
>> Okay.
>> Uh, yeah. Yes.
>> All right. I must get fit all the time.
Yeah.
>> Okay. And what is what does fitness mean
to you? Is that like you want to be able
to run 5ks faster or is you want to have
a six-pack or like what does it mean
>> straight away? The tonality is not very
good. I don't really sound like I know
what I'm talking about. It's very flat
and like forceful um and just not
overall very very good.
>> Pretty much all of them, man. I try to
hit the gym couple three times a week,
you know, but uh uh probably just
looking for something a bit more fast
fast, you know, something um probably
see results faster, I suppose.
>> Okay. And like um okay, that's perfect.
So do you have
>> is it is it perfect? See, I sucked even
after 5 years. So anyway, back to the
video. So as you can see, I was not
good. these guys on Instagram who have
been a sales guy for a year, two years,
three years, okay, they are so much
better than I was at that time. Now,
granted, I coached half of them, but
like they had such levels of natural
acumen that they they don't understand
all the things that they're doing. And
so, when you go into a program, they're
teaching closed skill environments
because all they had to do was learn the
closed skills and then they are
naturally putting the chord progressions
into beautiful solos. there is a natural
acumen to that. Okay. So, but me being
so bad for such a long period of time,
it forced me uh to do my own methodical
development plans and create a system
that I could use to get better and break
down and articulate what I was doing
well and what I wasn't. This is what
gave me the understanding that I have
today and why me as a coach should break
things down into concepts that I think
are appropriate for the skill level of
the person, where they're at, what
they're doing, what they're selling, and
I try to give a method for them to
uncover the solutions themselves so they
can start to learn the problem solving
process. Because what truly makes you
good at sales is having a an
understanding of what you're doing. And
the deeper understanding you have, okay,
the better you can articulate it, the
better you can solve the problem
yourself, you get past all the
lowhanging fruit quickly. Okay? Now, I
know there are going to be a bunch of
people in the comments saying like, "Oh,
close and open skills, like these things
translate." I'm talking on broad things,
right? Anyone who says you don't need a
script is an idiot. Anyone who says you
have to have a script is an idiot. Not
all things are entirely open or entirely
closed, and there are no really
definitive right and wrongs in sales. So
just whatever works and that's going to
be slightly different for everyone,
right? But what I like to teach is um a
a an open skills framework with like
closed skills training involved in that
to get good enough to be able to adapt
them and then focus on the adaptation
into real world scenarios. I'm going to
get to big idea number two, okay? But I
have to kind of recap. You cannot teach
or learn closed skills in the same way
that you do open skills. If you're at
this point in the video, okay, and
you've stuck around so far, and you're
sick of being lectured by gurus who
have, you know, haven't sold anything or
industry for a year or two, I have an
affordable membership. It's called F the
Gurus because I was bad at selling, so I
wasn't a guru. It's real training, real
advice. It's like 50 bucks a month. It's
a really affordable, low ticket way to
get in there, get some skills, and in
our like 150 a month and above, we have
a whole bunch of different sales
training uh sessions that you can attend
that do both closed and open skills. But
let's keep going. Big idea number two is
all about ecological learning. Okay, so
this isn't a science lecture, but
ecological learning basically means that
you learn by doing and experimenting,
not by memorizing word tracks in
isolation. Okay, we build by interacting
with challenges that reflect the real
world. It's not repetition, it's
interaction. So a really easy way to
think about this is the difference
between how kids and adults learn. Okay,
kids uh they they learn by playing,
experimenting, and making a ton of
mistakes. Okay. Uh they're really
curious and they don't care if they look
dumb. Okay. That is a really really big
thing, not caring if you look dumb.
Okay. When kids want to learn guitar,
they just kind of like play around with
it all the time. And when kids want to
learn a language, they play around with
it all the time. And so they discover
things by accident and they poke holes
in things and they make a lot of
mistakes really quickly which is key to
getting better at things is making a ton
of mistakes. You contrast that with how
adults learn and adults overthink
everything. They want the perfect
script. Okay? They avoid making
mistakes. How many times have I I've
seen sales reps so many times that have
done two outbound dials that day but
done four hours of sales training. What
they're doing is you're avoiding making
mistakes in exchange for trying to find
perfect proet which doesn't exist. They
avoid the open environment entirely.
It's the equivalent of like a 45year-old
guy watching 500 hours of YouTube guitar
tutorials but never actually picking up
a guitar. Like you can have all the
theory that you want, you're not going
to be able to put it into practice.
Okay, which then takes me to the
difference between fast learners and
slow learners. So slow learners tend to
study, prepare, rewrite, and they
overprepare. Okay? Now, that's not to
saying that studying and preparing and
writing is a bad thing, but fast
learners will make a thousand dials,
make a thousand mistakes, and then
adjust. And I think that there's a
really nice uh equilibrium which can be
done there. Like if you make a thousand
dials, make a thousand mistakes, then go
away and do some study and prepare and
rewrite scripts, you have so much more
to pull from. So stop trying to figure
it out and start exploring it. All
right. So this is where like ecological
learning comes in. So you don't want to
teach the solution. You want to design
the environment where the solution can
emerge.
This is the summary of big idea number
two. Learning comes from interaction,
not only explanation. I see a lot of
sales training programs uh and they try
and teach you to sound perfect, right?
They're trying to teach you all these
like little micro skills and they're
coming on, they're doing tonality
sessions, they're even doing role plays,
but you're role playing with a sales
guy, right? And I'm going to go into in
big idea number three why that is a
problem and why it causes issues in your
sales calls. Okay? But the real problem
is that you're learning from people who
are naturally gifted and these
circumstances are easy and effortless
for them. This is the sales trainer
conundrum. If you are get good at sales
really fast, you don't know enough about
how you got good fast to be a good
coach. But if you never if you get good
slowly, chances are you're not going to
stick around long enough to be a coach.
Okay? And if you look at that like on
social media, I explain things really in
depth and I'm very intricate and require
context which is why like my stuff
doesn't go viral for example, right? Um
because like I'm not using platitudes.
I'm using like individual circumstances
and trying to give in-depth feedback to
one person so they can make one thing
better because that's how you get good
at stuff. And so like that's not
conducive with going viral because it's
intricate and kind of boring for other
people sometimes, right? Um but that's
fine because I'm fine being the coach
that coached your coach. Okay, which
leads me into big idea number three,
which is the sales game framework. You
can train open skills in small and
focused games. And I have over the years
have developed these structured games
that help to um adapt those closed
skills into open skills and take like
what is theory and make it into like
practical application. Over the last 10
years I have trained a lot of people and
when I had sales sniper and I own
seventh level I had hundreds of reps
that I would coach who worked directly
for me and we would run these games and
I made them excellent at sales. Now,
they didn't know a lot of the reasons
behind why I was running these games.
They just thought that we were doing
really difficult roleplay practice
because I'm a huge believer of what I
learned in the army, which is you train
hard so that you can fight easy. So,
your role plays and your training should
be more difficult than the scenarios
that you get in a day-to-day
environment. Okay? So, um, what this
means is that like when you're doing
role play generally and you're doing it
with another sales rep, the real problem
is that they have fornowledge of what
you're trying to do, right? And so, even
subconsciously, they have a bias towards
helping you out with that, right? Unless
you run specific games to try and
counter that, which I haven't
encountered many places that do that
other than uh my stuff, right? Uh, I'm
sure that they exist, but I haven't seen
it. Right? So game number one is a
12minute speedrun. This is an entire
sales process from open or discovery,
building your gap, pitching and closing,
handling objections in 12 minutes. Okay.
Now, what is the reason for this? Right?
Because you can't do it by talking
really fast and you can't do it by
skipping steps. Like those are the
rules. So what it builds is precision,
pace, clarity, frame control, and zero
fluff. But the thing is, if you ramble,
you die. But this really makes you focus
on distinction between interesting and
productive information. Okay? What is
productive for moving the sale forward
versus what is just interesting, you
know? Um um it teaches you really well
how to avoid rabbit holes because rabbit
holes extend sales calls and also add
variables that are very difficult to
control, right? You learn how to probe
to keep people on track, right? which is
a really effective way of doing that but
very difficult to replicate replicate in
a closed skills environment. You have to
interject and you have to do it
tactfully and really well and
consistently in order to maintain uh in
order to maintain the call otherwise it
would divulge into chaos. And so this is
how you bridge the gap between practice
and reality. Okay. Another one you can
try is sell a product you've never sold
before. So this is like when you don't
have any product knowledge whatsoever. I
might say, "Hey, um you uh someone has
inquired about uh water filtration. Go."
Okay. What it does is
um you have to then rely on your pure
sales ability. No product knowledge. So
you have to uncover problems. You have
to try and understand how to quickly
figure out what the solution is going to
be. you have to rely purely on your
knowledge of how your framework links
together because your questions are
going to be vague. So, you're going to
have to probe to get the actual answers
because you're not quite sure what the
solution is going to be. And it's a
really good way of discovering if
somebody understands the sales process
or not, right? And it's very difficult.
But like most online sales training is
just really [ __ ] lazy. like you're
being taught in sterile environments by
people who don't have much experience to
do it this way and then you go off try
in a sales call, it doesn't work. You
come back and they say, "Oh, you did it
wrong." It's like, "No, you just taught
me a stupid [ __ ] way of doing it
because you're teaching purely, you're
teaching open skills in a closed skills
environment." These games are designed
to mimic reality but more difficult and
like not script it out word for word but
teach you the skills and create an
environment where the solution can
emerge and you learn how to tie
everything together. You can learn
pentatonic scales, chromatic scales all
you want. It doesn't mean you're going
to be able to solo because you have to
get the rhythm and the feel of it. Okay.
So, if you're tired of sounding like a
hostage negotiator reading qards and and
overthinking every single line and you
actually want to get advice or something
from someone who really knows what
they're doing, then I have an affordable
program down below. We do sales game,
open skills practice, closed skills
practice. There's uh 18 to 20 different
coaching sessions per week that you can
attend with all different coaches. It's
like anywhere between 50 and 200 bucks a
month. Cancel any time. Come in, steal
everything, and leave. I don't really
care, okay? It's designed to make you
better and be fun doing it. All right,
so uh with that guys, I hope that it
helped and hope that you get something
out of it. Make sure you like and
subscribe and I'll see you on the next
