Nice. This meeting is being recorded. Supposed to have like six more people show up, but they're not showing up, so that's all good. You guys get all the love. On time. I'm in. Yes, you are. Good job. So, we'll hit a review. Let me just answer some of Chris's questions real quick cuz there's just you two.
I'll keep this at 10 minutes and then we'll bang your review. But, nice to meet you, man. How you doing? Hey Hey, Jack. Nice to meet you. Hey, David. All right, bro. I This is my first call on. So, yeah, excited. I've I've watched a couple of the replays and it looks like >> Is that for the whole membership? Yeah, for the whole membership, yeah.
You picked me. That's right. I picked you. Yes, yes, yes. >> Thank you. Thank you. All right, go ahead, bro. Go ahead. >> Um Yeah, so I mean, the reason I the reason I picked you is cuz like obviously I I went through all the coaches and I was like trying to see, you know, um you know, where where am I going to going to get the most leverage value and essentially I'm a fractional like sales director right now, but I think my biggest constraint my biggest challenge is so much of my time is going to serve my clients that I'm
that I'm having a hard time working on like building the pipeline, doing doing my own sales, right? Yes. So, I don't know if that's a topic we can talk about on this call. Like Yeah. It's a constraint that I'm actually going through. I've I've solved in a manner many different ways, but it's just new levels, new devils.
It's a new constraint depending on how what your current model is for it. So, just so I have things squared, you have your fractional clients and then you also want to acquire new clients. Yep. And the constraint is they're having the time and systems to acquire new clients cuz you're busy on focusing on servicing the clients.
Is that right? Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, then I guess on top of that is like well, then is the actual constraint not having a leveraged delivery process or is it Yeah, you know what I mean? So, I'm like I'm stuck. Yes. No, I hear you. I hear you. One thing I'll say is that like I I it's it would take so long to break all this down and I'd be like kind of happy to do it, but I want to do do reviews call.
I'll just say from a high level, with your clients, you do want to have a process and a con and a conscious process. For example, if you are just randomly meeting with all of your client sales reps because and not based on their performance. Uh there is an exact YouTube video I did on that and the guy asked at the end of the keynote, like uh how many meetings should I have based on the results? Right? And then I link There's a QR code in that freaking keynote. You go to it.
If you watch that I I taught 100 people thing, you watch that keynote, I there's a QR code. You go to that. It has a sales rep tracker in that in that I give them a drive link. It's no lead magnet [ __ ] People went to it. I actually closed 25k worth of clients from it even though I had no lead magnet.
I'm like, "Yeah, take it for free." And then they all took it and then they reached out to me. So, it did actually work, but in the tracker it says like uh if you're at this if you're well above KPI, do this many meetings. If you're between this and this KPI, do this many meetings with the person. If they're well below KPI, do this many meetings, right? So, to keep it That's me telling you not to sell [ __ ] It's just that it I'm That That's like a 10-minute conversation about how many meetings to have with people.
You can check that out there, right? Okay. It has all the answers. Like three with the guy who sucks, one with the guy who's great. That's kind of the general rule, but you'll see. Um you want to have the 80% of sales management, in my opinion, from all my client results, it's quality control, right? >> Mhm.
It's not being a firefighter in Slack and just being there for everyone as soon as possible other than the client, of course, but you should have the client in a position of understanding that we're here to make impact not to, you know, ramble all day and our decisions need time to take fruit like Matt would talk about, let the data play out.
And then your conscious process with the sales person should be you get on, you look at the data. Step one. You look at all the data. You must have an ability to track all that data, which I assume you do. You look at the data and you see from a team-wide level what is the constraint, right? You're able to identify what is the epistemic problem because there's probably four things that are not in KPI in a sales team.
But, what is the thing that is going to have the signi- most significance to solve that like until we solve that, trying to improve the show rate, it we're not going to get that much lever pull from improving the SMS copy if our setter call is so robotic that like no one's going to show up no matter how many sexy text messages we send, right? Or cool thank you page assets we have.
We want to improve the setter call. That's the epistemic constraint. So, you would be focusing most of your your uh like resources and time on that, right? Within that, you want to identify within the setter team data what is the constraint specifically. It could be the conversation to booking rate. We look there at the team level.
We see that's below KPI. We then go and look at the individual contributors to that constraint. So, we have three appointment [clears throat] setters and we see that Johnny, number setter what some setter number two out of three is giving the most issue here contributing to this. He has the worst of the three and they may all be a problem, but maybe just one of them.
Save you a lot of time reviewing random calls and going in CRM and picking one and going, "Yeah, this guy dropped the ball on conversation to booking, but like it was like a one-off." So, look at who's contributing the most. Maybe it's all of them then this would just work for all three, but maybe it's just one of them. Then you'll go in and go into the CRM and pull the data for the non-booking outcomes.
Like all the statuses that were non-bookings like call me back later, not interested, all this stuff. You should have those statuses. Then you do it obviously just for that setter. And then you'll see it'll come up with like 20 20 call recordings of all the dropped balls he had. Then you'll just pull 10 of those and it's in the If you watch that video on YouTube, I have a setter tracker.
You can do it. And then you just pump those call recordings. You should be doing like three to five a day. How long are the set calls in some of these client accounts? Uh five to seven minutes. They're they're like You hit that on 1.5 speed with a tracker. You go you pull up a you do a loom. You just film a loom.
You go, "Hey, what's up, Johnny? In this video I'm going to review five of your set calls that went to a non-booking outcome. I'll provide all the coaching points in front of you so you can write this down as I'm reviewing live. Let's get into it." And then you just bang it in. You start saying, "Okay, cool. What you've done wrong here is this.
What you need to do in future is that. The reason why you need to do that is this. Here's an example." Role-play the voice into the microphone. All right, cool. Next thing. And you just review five of those calls for the constraints and try to focus on three to five action items and that's your job as a sales professional is better than them is you have the ability to consolidate constraints like, you know, ideally you want to look at When you look at those non-booking outcomes, bro, if you see like financial DQ is like the biggest
contributor, you want to like and then he's get like he gets like 10% of the non-booking outcomes are like call me back later, uh I've already I've already found a program or something like that. Well, that's the 80/20 of the 80/20, right? Mhm. Johnny, setter number two, sucks most at financial DQ handling financial constraint.
He's not looping on it and like opening them up, whatever it is, right? And you just hit and you as soon as you hear that constraint and you realize it's scrapping the whole call, you can pretty much stop the call review there and go, "Okay, for that one you needed to do this. Let's hear the next one.
Okay, you've done it again, just a little bit of a different version. Do that. Okay, you've done it again. Okay, you've done it again. Okay, you've done it again." And you just you ended up five reviews in 30 minutes of the exact skill deficiency that's holding him back the most, which is holding the team back the most, which is holding the whole data back and you just pump it and you follow up that call review.
You give it to him. Say, "Watch it." You see in Loom if he watched it. Give me feedback points see if he gives you feedback and so it wasn't a fake view. And then you jump on a one-on-one with him later in the week. Just one to two one-on-ones and just role-play the thing with him. Maybe do it in a team meeting.
And then next week you do another review. And you just nail down all these objections that they suck at until they all get better. If you're doing much If your If your day as a sales manager is much different to that where you're like unless it's the start of the engagement with the client where you're fixing your script and process.
Once you're past that point of establishing a good process, if you're doing other stuff like spending loads of time in Slack, chatting all day with the CEO, I don't know what else, guys. Uh clients come to me and they managed to make this job last like eight hours a day and I'm like, "It actually doesn't." There's only like three moves you can make to actually make the data get better and you need to let it happen.
You know, like don't do a one-on-one every day with the rep. He He's going to suck tomorrow as well. Yeah. Do it today. Let him cook. Give him some assets. Let him get better. Review it again. And then you need at that point track is this person worth my time if they're not starting to trend up and hockey stick in their performance.
Depending how many reps you have, it you you should really want to nail that down. I could break it down personally for you based on your numbers, but we need to review this call is like you you you want to break down am I doing that? Am I am I actually hitting the needle movers or am I wasting time? Um because, you know, at the end of the day if your sales people make more money, but you do you're you're seemingly a little less you're seeming a little bit more absent in Slack, they're not going anywhere. They're not going to
be like, "Oh, [ __ ] this." So, they're going to stay as long as they're making more money, right? And the CEO's happy. Then Does that make sense so far? Then we can have a quick conversation over getting clients and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah, that that makes sense. >> Yeah, just go check out my content on YouTube. I I lay it out.
Um then in terms of get This is a constraint I faced. So, I used to do full done for you, right? Like I used to do done for you. I had like four clients, right? Three clients like doing like probably 40k or something like that a month US. So, that I got capped at that forever, right? After all I got capped at that.
Yes, you can The answer to that if you want to solve that constraint, which is what I'm going back into soon cuz I've already got two clients that are begging for it with my done with you model, is you eventually hire a team, right? Unless you get so pointy at doing it on your own, like I said before, that you like I wouldn't get a team until you are dialed.
You are so dialed, you've taken that extra client on, you're getting great results. At that point, that's when you can start considering bringing on like a setter manager or something like that to manage the all the account setters. Before you say you have five clients, three clients, you can bring on a setter. If I know I you might be thinking, "Hey, I'm not even at that point yet.
" But just so you know, it's like you can eventually get so dialed in that you can hire someone that can help you. My recommendation with that is don't hire a little helper. Get a VA for like data stuff, but that's not really a hire. Don't hire someone that you think like don't hire just a little helper. Hire someone you think is good.
And you can paint them into the vision. This is the ideal scenario. Someone you've groomed up who's good, you can come in as a setter manager and take some of that workload off you. Right? And then you can you know, you can for sure scale out the done for you clients. That's what I'm doing now. I've already got a account manager.
In the past, I hit a constraint with done for you. With the fractional manager thing that I was like doing back in the day. Uh and then I moved to a done with you model. Right? Where I get the the client to implement. Now, my thoughts on that is that what I did my thesis for that is I built a ton of authority before I actually could try to go out there and convince people that I could just tell them how to do it and they would get results.
I used to just do it for them. Now I got to a point where I got [clears throat] some receipts and I and I really got so pointy with done for you. I was constrained. I went and did done with you or done with you. And now I was able to scale to 100k a month. Right? I was like just because and then all the clients get results and every client renews.
Like literally every single client has a renewed. Because they just want to stay on and they keep it going. So it works as a good model. Right? But now I do see the option for me to go to done for you. And in terms of um getting clients, in my opinion, is that I've I've just paid a guy 25k for Instagram coaching.
Like I've laid it down. But up until that point, uh for done for you for 3 years, it was all just referrals. Honestly. And then um from getting clients results and getting referrals from getting great results. And then what I did just before this Instagram guy was do YouTube. And you can honestly do core reviews. Right? Because a lot of the time, you can go and try to get a lead acquisition system from like a coach who can teach you like cold outbound email.
I don't do that. You can do that. I I just wouldn't teach you because I haven't done it. I haven't needed to do it. I I've generated what I've generated through or got pure organic. Uh of doing content and having a really strong reputation in my industry. God forbid I get a client because I'll get three referrals out of it.
So, that's my strategy. If you want to uh that way the referrals ends up being that your fulfillment is your marketing. So, you don't have to spend a ton of time to beg people to come and work with you. That's how I've done it. Product led growth. Um if you want to do the more outreach strategy, then yeah, you can consider guys like I don't know Daniel Fazio and all these other guys that just do really good job at teaching you how to get uh cold customers uh at scale.
I know that was an absolute brain dump, but No, no, [clears throat] no, I love it. Yeah, yeah, no, super helpful. Thanks. David, let's [ __ ] bang it in, bro. Let's do a core Let's do a core review. 40 minutes. Easy. Um I just wanted to before I do the intro to >> about this call before I get started? Uh it's just my latest setting call.
I think it's 11 minutes. >> Okay, cool. And how um Real quick, um give me some context to this call. What happened, etc. Yeah, so this was like a reschedule. Mhm. >> From ages ago. So, I've just been digging in the CRM. Had he done a set He had he'd done a sales call or he'd done a set call? And you talked >> done a He He'd done a triage.
He actually never contacted us, but he he booked in a triage call. And he rescheduled, but no one ever contacted him again for like once. And then obviously, today I was just like digging through the pipeline just looking for leads. And then I gave him a call. So, it's just sort of like a And how um and how um how old was he specifically? How old? Yeah.
Yeah, how old was he like old? >> Two months ago? Not crazy. >> Yeah, within two months, yeah. Okay, listen. Depending on the offer. And uh what was the outcome of the call? Uh so, I ended up booking him. Okay. Um he wanted some more information towards the end of the call, but I framed um having a closing call would be more helpful. Yes, yeah. So. Okay, cool.
Let's do it. Just want you just want to get feedback on the process. Yep. No problem, man. What do you feel about that? How Google Drive, hey? It's [ __ ] [ __ ] Two secs. Let me download it. I'll just download it and play out of QuickTime Player. That's way better. Yeah. If you can let me let me see. Oh, no. Yes, download. Cool.
Give me two secs. Okay. Okay. Let's do this. Do you speak to Wilcox every now and then? I don't actually. I haven't spoke to him in a while. I heard some things have changed uh on his end, but I haven't spoke to him. But I'm I've been coaching uh Jacob Kean. Oh, okay, yeah. Yeah, Kean. He's kind of He's He's in his uh in his kind of They're close friends.
But I haven't really I haven't chatted to Riley in a while. Since True Blue's, which was awesome. That event was sick. Yeah, it was great. Hello. Michael. Yes, speaking. Hey, Michael, it's David from Cyber Revolution. How are you? I'm good, thanks. How are you? Yeah, not bad. Not bad at all. I see that you reached out to us here earlier this year about a possible career change into cyber security.
Is that all right? Yeah, it was. I was just getting more information about it. Yeah. Okay. Did you find the information you were looking for or are you still looking? Yeah, I'm still I'm still looking. Beautiful. Okay. What's leading you to want to have a look at getting some more information about getting into cyber security? Yeah, just uh more about it and what pathways it will open.
And how what, sorry? Just learning more about it and what pathways it will open for me. >> Okay. Okay. Is there a reason why you're considering moving into cyber security? What I'd say is this with this one. You just did a binary question. Is there a reason? And they go, "Yeah." And they go, "Oh." And it's like kind of logical.
What I always do [clears throat] this A couple of approaches you can take to when someone gives you a [ __ ] answer to the connecting question. Right? There's two primary like kind of principal ways you can do it, in my opinion. One is to split it down the middle, the split approach, and the other one is to fast forward.
I'll show you and I'll explain to you what that is. So, the problem is you're asking, "What are you looking for?" And they basically say, "Well, I just saw the ad." Mhm. >> [clears throat] >> Right? And what you want to do is is decouple that or split it. And this is why you can say something to the effect of, "Okay, no issues.
And I guess that's why we reached out. Right? And then I suppose why do we potentially want to make the whatever it is solution Why do we want to make the career change? Or just broadly, [clears throat] why do we want Why do we potentially want to help? Right? That's what you can do. If someone goes, "Oh, I just saw the ad." That's like another answer.
For him, I would have just done this, which is the fast forward approach. Just go, "Okay, that makes sense." I would just agree so to not trigger any resistance, not make it feel like an interrogation. Right? Okay, that makes sense. And I guess let's say you got the skills. This is a tech offer, right? Cyber security.
Getting into cyber security. Getting in, bro. I have like literally nine clients uh that sell this type of offer. Um Okay, and I guess like let's say you got the skills. And is it a career change? Just so I understand. Yeah, career change. >> cool. Let's say you got the skills and you made the career transition into cyber. What? Right? See how it fast forwards it? It gets past it cuz sometimes even at the sales trip [clears throat] when you sell these tech off this this offer, the prospect says like they think too much in the now. They either say, "Just
saw the ad." Or "Well, uh you know, right now you get as a closing in closing. You ask the connecting question." They go, "Well, right now I'm in a tradie and I'm just seeing what's out there." Yeah. See how it doesn't It doesn't explain You're not getting what you need, which is the future. Yeah.
So, you fast forward it in your language. You go, "Okay, that makes sense. And I guess like let's say you you got these skills and you made the transition into cyber security. Like over the horizon for you, like what do you want the I guess what do you want to achieve by making the change? You know, what do you want to achieve? And the person goes, "Well, I'm looking for" And this is I'm assuming this is sort of the answer you're gold standard answer you're looking for from what you did ask, which is "I want to have more financial freedom, make more money so I
can spend more time with my family." Is that what you're looking for? Yeah, exactly that. So, that that's what That's what this device will do is essentially uh get that [ __ ] out of the way. Whether it's like, "Okay, what's got you looking for a fitness coach?" And they're like, "Oh, you know, right now the gym I'm at is just really shitty.
There's no one there to help me." And I go, "Okay, no problem. Let's say like you got like the help you needed with a with your health and fitness. Like and you sort of were able to essentially reach your ideal physique and health. Like what would you want that to be?" And they'd say like, "Oh, I want to have a six-pack abs.
" Okay, cool. And you can say why is that important to you if you want to probe on and get emotional. But see how either way, by fast forwarding going, "Okay, I hear what you said. Mhm. Like let's say you got what you needed, why do you want to get it? Yeah. Yeah. Let's say you got these skills, what do you want to achieve? Now the other approach is if you get a really shitty answer and at the end of the day you can still just do this.
Which is okay, no issues. I guess that's why we reached out. Which is really the very abrupt way of saying this is like they say, I just saw the ad. You go, okay, cool. I guess that's why we booked the call, but why do we want the help? Yeah. And then it it it splits it and dismantles their ability to answer again like that. Mhm.
>> [clears throat] >> Right? But that's just uh just how you get through that. Yeah. I think that will help a lot cuz Yeah, go ahead. I was going to say one thing I'm working on is cutting my call time as well from 15 to 10. Um Yeah. Just really getting to the point that would honestly just come down to yeah, asking more pointy custom questions. Yeah.
And potentially seeing if there's any structural fact in your setting call where like questions that just don't need to be asked. Yeah. Like that that are just like overcooking problems which is a lot of setters do. They just over focus on the problem. You can get some pain, get the [clears throat] effect, but they overspend too much time in the cause of the problem like how many hours at your job. Like it doesn't matter.
They don't have freedom. They've said it. Like that's all you need. You know what I mean? Like you don't need that much How many where do you work and how many hours do you travel? It's like if they've said to you like I don't spend enough time with my family cuz my job's too busy. Like they've laid down.
Like that that that's it. You got basically what you need on a set call. You know? I just think it's the way things are going it's got it's moving towards a new era like a AI era. So the more the more stuff like it's brought in people want more security for. That's what we think it was. That narrative is so strong, hey? Like everyone >> [clears throat] >> thinks so.
Yeah, I've not long been in Australia. I've been in nearly 3 years. So um Good transition into the job. Plastic extrusion operator. And but before that I was in England I was I was running sites on the railway. Okay. Okay. And I guess do you feel like with the industry you're currently in at the moment there isn't any AI evolution at all already? >> Um not at the minute. Not at the minute.
No. Not at the minute. Not at all. See yeah, that was like a bucket as well. You could do not feel like there's anything in your thing. Mhm. You know, do you not feel like there's anything in that your career now? Yeah, you can ask that if you're really stuck. But I ultimately like again I try to make that Socratic which is taking from is it do you which gets a logical answer to a more emotional answer that gets the prospect to do the talking instead of you cuz you just framed the answer and he goes yes. You want to ask the
question get him to say it. Right? And that gets an emotional so he's more bought in. He's he's rationalizing his own thoughts and he's giving you what's top of mind and what's most emotional. So I would say like what was your intent there? To get him to basically say there's no AI growth in his career path.
Um yeah. Yeah, cuz he's right now just thinking about the external and and before that I was um Yeah. In England I was doing I was running sites on the railway. Okay. Okay. And I guess do you feel like >> A good bridging like okay, okay. That's good natural. >> you're currently in at the moment there isn't any AI evolution at all already? All you what you want to do is just go, okay, what's got you potentially looking for like a change out of your current job? Like I guess why why like why leave the current Yeah. And see how it's Socratic? It's
not like is it not AI at scale with resistant prospects that are less aware? You're going to get a better answer to that. If you do what you did there with less aware prospects like and they're just more resistant, they might go, well, I don't know, maybe. Whereas if your objective here is to I'm I'm assuming if your objective as a salesperson based on what I can see is you've done a great goal.
You transition well into situation and now you're looking for a problem, correct? Yeah, exactly. >> Okay, sweet. That's why I would ask a Socratic question that gets him just go, okay, what is it about your job right now that makes you feel like ultimately you you might not have as much opportunity to get into AI if you wanted to do that, right? >> Yeah.
And then they'll go, well, it's just a very old industry. It's like a legacy business. They're not going anywhere with that. Um again, you ultimately don't feel like it's going to give you the the growth financially and and freedom wise to make the money you want to make? No. Okay, ultimately and like I guess just so I understand like what's that holding you back from doing that? Like to consider making a change.
A fact. Oh, I can't spend time with my family. Okay, and that's pretty much all the problem that I'll get on a set call. Yeah. And the rest I'm going to do is painting like massive pull into the solution, future pacing, how much do you want to make, how would life be, all that good stuff and like how much hours do you have to commit, financial qualifier, all that good stuff.
That's how I would do that call. That would make it last like literally 7 minutes. Not at the minute. Not at the minute. No. Not at the minute. Not at all. So I guess for you it's just a case of future proofing yourself here or Yeah, that's what Yeah, that's what I'm looking for as well and more um something like I'm looking for on four on shifts.
Um but I have a young family you see so I mean I was looking for more See you would have got if you'd asked an open See my process what I said, hey go, what's that holding you back from doing? What do you think he would have said? He just said he doesn't have time He He wants to spend more time with his family.
He's saying it in like a in like a I want more I want more of that. Whereas if I did my entry with problem, he would have said I don't spend enough time with my family. And he would have got it as a problem. It would have been spoken out as a problem and then you can do when you are intending to future pace, you can get him to say I would be able to spend more time with my family.
Yeah. And you just get a bit more pointy. So try to avoid again, you can watch this back, but try to avoid bucket questions Mhm. where you were saying the answer in the question you're asking, is that right? Mhm. >> find ways to ask it Socraticly which is like an open question that gets them to say it. >> Yeah.
Because it's what they truly believe more than just yes, logical. Right? Yeah. And then that's the overall I'm saying. Okay. Yeah, okay. Okay. So like working from home would be ideal for you and having a bit of flexibility as well. >> Yeah, definitely. Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. So I'm just going So again like you go working from home.
You can ask that, but like again I would say like, okay, well some of our clients come to us because they want to work from home and that's like ultimately the main goal. Well, some of our other clients are less what's worried about that and they're just more involved with like being able to decide their own hours whether they're in the office or not.
So for you specifically like what do you feel like is important to you? See that's not bucketing. It's prompting of other clients and then I re-ask the straight like question of what's most important to you and then it prompts them to answer that question that way and you get them to go when you ask what's important to you, he has to come up in his own head in his own chest and go, I want to work from home so I can spend time so you don't have to say it to him.
Because otherwise what you're going to get is a false sense of security on this call thinking he's agreed with all of the things that make people emotional. But he's just agreed with them logically and then when you go to book the call, he gets stuck with like low urgency. Yeah. You are covering everything. Your decision making is excellent.
You're you're doing the things at the right moment. Mhm. [clears throat] Like your like your your process is correct, but your execution of the question to achieve the objective is a little bit rusty, but it's like most people. It's fine. [snorts] That's something I was Yeah, 100%. I was working with Liam as well.
That's something I want to like improve. Yeah. Um I I guess how how would you say I could get better at this? >> So you need to sit down. You need to start thinking how can I ask that in a Socratic way you know what way how when way? And you need to start thinking dynamically and going, okay, I'm trying to like most setters do this.
They're trying to like line up. They just give the guy the answer and go, is this correct, sir? What And then he's like, yes. What you want to do instead is go, how can I sit there on your sofa whatever it is and go in your desk go, how could I ask an open question that gets them to say that? Yeah. And go and and you don't want to lead the prospect.
You just want to go if if what you are doing right now is going, oh, so you're looking so you you are you looking for more of the time at home with your family? When he said nothing to that effect before, instead say, okay, what are you looking to do with that time that you have that you do get? Like let's say you do are in the job.
Like what are you looking to do with the time that you spend that you get? And then what would he say? I want to spend more time with my family. So you need to sit there and look at your current questions you're asking which are bucket questions and go, let's take it to how can I get someone to answer that way? Mhm.
Instead of ask you asking it that way. You know? And if you're really struggling, you can always do the prompt which is just for context some of our clients want X and some of our clients want A. But I guess for you specifically what do you want? And this will prompt them to like answer how you want in the general category. Does that make sense? 100%.
So just make your calls a little bit more emotional, but I want to really really reiterate your decision making and when you ask the questions in the emotional pattern. And like the process whether you wrote the script or not, your your ability to follow that good That's a decent process. It's really your decision making is good.
What what like what has shifted for you recently? [clears throat] It's just the execution, but if you have great execution of a poor emotional pattern then it it's probably worse. This is better than doing that. >> What was that strategy this is? What was that strategy you were talking about? I was just asking what shifted for you recently that sort of made you decide maybe it's time for you to shift.
>> you're I don't know if it's suited to the offer, but like to be there on Faze, they're way more high high energy cuz it's like getting a career change. These are like normies. You're like, what shifted for you recently to make you want to do something? You're like you're talking Terminator, bro. And I guess how would you define that? >> you don't have to be all happy chappy and like, oh, great.
What shifted? You just have to go, all right. And like uh I guess like what shifted for you recently where you're like maybe I want to make a change. See there's some life to that whereas you're like, what shifted for you recently? And if you don't show any curiosity, they're not going to think it's important to answer in a in a manner that satisfies that curiosity.
So, your your tone is going to prompt how important the question is. So, just like I'll just put that as well is tonality is to correlate importance of the question. Easy curiosity equals curious answer. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. And it's cool. And then another thing I just said is like avoid bucketing your questions.
Which is just uh giving the answer with is it a bit of X. All right? All right? Instead ask Socratic which is it gets a prospect Socratic question comes from Socrates. He always got people to answer the question themselves through asking fundamental questions. Like, what do you feel is important about the city of Rome or whatever it is or Greece or whatever he's from.
And it gets the person to think what they think is important. And on sales it's not actually about what's important. It's what they think is important. Cuz people buy wants not needs. All right? They buy what they think is important. They buy what they think the product is. A great sales rep is able to frame the frame the product in a different way to the all five people they speak to in that day.
Is that is so you want to ask them? Don't bucket it. Don't say, "Is it a bit of helping and giving you the freedom?" You go, "What do you feel like would be the I guess the greatest aspect of the having the skill and making the career change?" And the guy's like "Well, I want to uh work for Google." That's like number one for me.
Instead of going, "Oh, well, family would be important, yeah." But that was never his true dream. Mhm. So, you want to just want to keep it open so the prospect gives you what's top of mind because if what's top of mind is most emotional to him. And that's what's going to get him to go, "Yes, please book me in for tomorrow so I can piss later.
" Yeah. So, instead ask Socratic questions like what, when, how etc. And this will give the prospect the floor. Another principle I won't write but have you ever heard the saying in sales, "What you say is [ __ ] What the prospect says is gold?" 100%. Yeah, I heard that for a while. Looks It's kind of Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of like that. Exactly.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just I was just listening to the podcast on the um just more or less going to the AI either. Um and I'll listen to a lot of investment podcasts as well. And they seem to all be leaning towards Yeah. that side. Do you know what I mean? Someone said Someone said Well, look, Michael. Um in reality, the the future is now, man.
Yeah. We're already seeing the the growth of AI. We're already seeing what's happening with companies losing millions, sometimes even billions of dollars due to data I personally reserve you can do this, by the way. Mhm. >> [clears throat] >> But I personally would reserve this just before you make the booking.
Just before? >> Yeah, just before you make the booking I'd say, "Well, can I share a perspective with you, David?" Yeah, go ahead. The man, the future is now. Everything's going AI and everyone's making [ __ ] bank doing it. All right? So, really the next steps from here if it's appropriate is we can schedule a little bit of a longer call to talk and go deep into how we can potentially help you get into the space so you can get rich, too.
Obviously don't say that. Okay. So, you can help you get rich, too. So, uh would that be appropriate or what do you want to do from here? And then that's it. That's like because you don't want to do that. Do you know if you sit there just a just forget you know anything about sales. If you're a prospect and all you've had is a little like 2-minute discussion over the interest of AI Yeah.
and this person this complete stranger comes to you and says, "Oh, bro, it's the best." And you know that person's incentive is to sell you into it. Yeah. And you don't know that they care about much else. You you're just going to you might get some resistance. And and at sometimes really at best they'll agree with you. They'll go, "Yep.
" But they're not really emotionally bought in by it. Whereas if you've had a great call and you've you know you've done whatever's next, skip this, do whatever's next. Once they're cooked and you know by now they should be fully cooked. You can even do it before financial qualify if you want, bro.
But just cook them a bit on future pacing without buckets. Like and I'm I'm imagining if this call is 12 minutes this in this part here there's some more conversation to be had, right? It's it's just explaining. Yeah, we're just I'm just explaining. Um What do you say? Like the offers. Okay. I would do this. Sell the mechanistic reasons the offer is so great. Like do what you do.
And then do that I I advise like what do you You're not just grandstanding the whole time. What are you What are you saying? Let's Our goal in terms of what we do is to help as many people as possible regardless of their experience to still be able to make a thousand dollars a week. I'm I'm not sure if that Yeah, go do that first.
Do that do you have the time commitment? Where would you want to be? How would it feel? How many hours do you have? All that like stuff that's in the middle of the call. I would come out of problem awareness and get success metrics or whatever you do. Come out of problem awareness and then go into that. Go, "Okay." Ask some questions like do So, you come out of problem.
You do future So, you go like this. Connecting situation problem future pace. So, that they get excited about everything. They don't get impatient around that 2-minute mark. Then start doing the logistical do you have the time? And then at the end of all that stuff and do you have the money and do you have the time is going to the ramp the ramping the certainty explainer that gets them gets cuz [clears throat] at that point you can say it because you've built that much trust cuz you're in that part of the call with them. They'll believe it.
Then it will also act as a ramp to get them most emotional just as you ask for the booking. Yeah. Okay. >> See how that emotional [clears throat] pattern is more slightly more Yeah, it's effective effective. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, goal situation problem future pace. Spend time there. They feel good about it.
They know you know what you what they want. Then you can ask the boring logisitcals and then you can do the AI is now, buddy. And then that's why we exist and that's your bridge. That's why we exist to help people go there. And and then you can do the you know bridge into the [ __ ] thing. That's what I would do as a process.
That said, I also want to caveat. If you don't change it the very the very simple leanest approach for you is if you don't change this process that you do and you still continue to have that AI is now thing and your process looks the exact same. If you just change the way you're asking your questions Yeah. it will make a massive lift.
If you just turn the questions a little bit more emotional and follow the same process you would make you would make more more sales doing that. Uh and then more of like the big change which is a it takes you might see even see like it depends how much of a difference that is for you. Uh if it's not much of a change for you mentally and you can do it then you you will make significantly more money.
But if you um if you struggle to make that change you could see a drop in performance because you don't feel comfortable where it will go in the beginning and then it will lift. But you know when you change a whole process you can go down 5% before going up 25%. So, if you really want the the no the no risk approach, bro, and you come away from this with nothing else just um just even just these points here.
That's just all I've written. Yeah. Otherwise the more like big play is uh save the um the big former AI is now part for just before you ask for the booking. All right? You know that's an optional thing. Yeah. That's just how I would do it if I was managing the account. Um Yeah, okay. Does that Does that Does that make sense? 100%.
Yeah, we're writing some stuff down. So, I didn't appreciate that. a ton of it but like No, no, no. [ __ ] that will get you I can already see where you can make some money there. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's a ton of value for sure. Appreciate it. All right, bro. Perfect. Uh sweet. Let me just uh drop my um Chris, I can if you want to if you want to follow up on some of the things send me voice notes. Whatever it is.
Ask questions. It goes deep into that. Uh I've just dropped. Do you have a WhatsApp? Yeah. Yeah, perfect. I just dropped my phone number my WhatsApp number in there. And you can add me on WhatsApp to send me a message and then re-ask me some of the questions you were asking so I remember.
And as soon as I get time I'm pretty busy with paying clients but as soon as I get time I'll just send you a voice note back and rip it. And then it can close some of these loops. And then uh I'll let you guys go. I got to jump in with the client. Thanks. Thanks, Jax. Appreciate it. >> Thanks, Jax. Bye.
