What's up? What's up, y'all? Can you hear me? >> What's going on? >> Yes. >> My camera looks like [ __ ] guys. And why is my face all red looking? This is crazy. I haven't got my office set up yet in this new house. So, don't mind me. Well, maybe we just switch over to my Mac. That's better. Other angle was crazy.
Paul, how are we doing? Mark, >> thanks. Nice. Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you as well, Mark. Nice office. >> Yeah, I appreciate it, man. Thanks, Jordan. >> Tim, what's that photo doing? Like that the douge over here or something in that photo, huh? >> Paul, welcome. Clay, welcome. >> Hello. >> All right, y'all. Um, we got an hour.
We can jump into it. Anyone know what this call is about? >> First time. >> First time. Okay, sweet. >> Sorry, I'm trying to take out all these. >> We will have a recording. Uh I just don't want all the notetakers inside of here for this. >> All right, there we go. Sweet. Um, Mark, are you are you an offer owner? Are you a sales rep, a setter? Are you a construction worker? What do you do? >> Yeah, I work construction from from the office here.
So, uh, >> yeah. Um, I'm I'm a closer right now. I'm on an affiliate offer. Um, we we offer an affiliate mastermind, so with proven offers. Can I hear you now? Can you hear me now? >> There we go. >> Now you're not on my AirPods, though. It's so weird. >> What about now? >> I can hear you. >> Why? Why are you guys not on my AirPods? Of course, my AirPods work 100% of the time until they don't.
>> Till you get on a call. >> There we go. All right, I got you on my AirPods. >> There we go. >> So, one more time, Mark, you said you were on an affiliate offer and then you kind of cut out of the >> Yeah, we offer an affiliate mastermind for agency owners, media buyers who are looking to uh scale their business with their um existing skill set with proven and vetted offers already.
Okay, amazing. Yeah, George, what about you? What's up, man? Welcome. >> Thank you. Yeah, first time on the Q&A. Um, as far as what I sell right now, I'm selling career coaching. Um, but it's a part-time job. I just transitioned out of uh my my first offer, so I'm looking to look for other opportunities. >> Amazing.
What about you, Paul? >> I'm just starting to get into buying houses. >> Okay. Wholesale or real? Like like normal real estate? What will come? >> Yeah, like wholesale distress. >> Okay, amazing. We work with a lot of wholesale clients. Uh Isaac, welcome. You were on last, right? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay, cool. Well, welcome.
Welcome back. >> Back, Tim, I'll be here. >> Tim, Clay, Paul. Um, sweet, guys. Well, let me uh kind of break down a little bit about what this call is about. So, I have a company called Rev Pilot and we specifically do sales systems, right? So, revenue operations, sales systems, everything from AI to pre-call process to CRM, on and on and on and on.
Um, so we specifically are talking about kind of sales process related things. Now, it doesn't matter if you're a setter, sales rep, an offer owner, right? Um, it's like how can we help you guys make more money by reducing friction in your sales process, right? So, regardless if that's uh, hey, I hate doing admin.
How can we, you know, make make myself do less of this or um, you know, how can we speed up call reviews? You know, what kind of pre-all should I be sending? Um, and it's going to depend on the offers as well because, you know, some of the offers you guys might be on might be absolutely crushing it with their sales operation and they got a bunch of cool stuff happening.
um while other people may have, you know, absolutely nothing in place and you guys as sales reps uh are just kind of trying to figure it out with them, right? So Jason, what's up, man? What kind of coffee you drinking? Are you a tea guy? >> No, it's coffee. It's just a pourover I got at this coffee shop here in Vegas. >> Just a pourover, my man.
>> Yeah, pour over the way to go, >> sir. I'm in solar, by the way. I didn't get asked. I was I was hurt. >> You showed up late. That's why. >> Dude, I just saw this thing. >> Well, welcome. Uh you saw solar like on someone someone else's organization. Is it your company? Were you kind of like an agent? >> So, um it used to be 1099.
I'm W2 now just because the law changed in Las Vegas, but I'm I'm a selfgen rep. >> Okay, sweet. Um awesome. Well, what kind of questions do we have about sales process specifically, if any. What do you guys want to dive into? I'm an open book. We can talk about whatever. Talk about surfing if you want. I'm in Nicaragua.
So, >> um I was hoping to have a a bit of a map to show you this week. I probably have something for next week, but uh >> I uh since I've been on your website, I've been getting your uh your remarketing on Facebook and >> let's go. >> Love it. Yeah. Yeah. Here we go. Uh and I was I was kind of keen.
I'm mapping out the the kind of customer journey and how that works with AI bots. Um, I'd be curious on your thoughts as as to kind of a bit of a mud map or a bit of an overview on on that kind of stuff, like a bit of a blueprint in terms of what their journey should be. Um, I don't know if I I don't know if I said it last week, but uh I'm a sales leader or a financial company that does like business coaching, financial planning, and wealth.
Um, >> okay. >> We h have a marketing agency and we have accounting as well. So, we kind of a whole bunch of stuff around the same avatar. >> Um, and they kind of come in for all different all of the different offers, but the currently the way the way that I've got it, they'll get tagged as a new lead. um they drop in.
I send them the uh I have like a um a SDR AI SDR that uh starts to kick in and it starts with a uh getting the compliance message out the way like as soon as they do do the opt-in page and then they go in and do a scorecard quiz uh on score app. I don't know if you've heard of that. Um, and then once they finish the the quiz, I hit him up with the bot and I'm like, "Hey, this is I'm Ashley, the uh the team coordinator here.
When would you like to speak to one of our experts?" And uh we start conversationally booking them in from there. And then if the bot doesn't do it, then it will go off to one of our uh our setters. >> Okay. Are these uh opt like opted in didn't book like they already had the opportunity to book but they did not choose to book at that time? >> Yeah, that's probably one of the points of friction is that they finish the uh the quiz and then they can self book.
There's a calendar there on the website or and then but also at the same time they immediately get reached out to you by the SMS booking bot. >> That's fine. >> Yeah. Um, that's fine as long as it recognizes like if they do book cuz that that part is annoying if I'm like in the middle of booking that I get a text message and then I schedule and then it's like >> like when are you going to book your [ __ ] you know? It's like they already like I already booked it, you know, like what do you mean? Um, >> yeah, I was getting tripped up with that
because they had they had calendars out in the wild and I couldn't track them all down and uh now I've got everything in GHL so that it now it's reading it. So it's like it knows if they're booked. Yeah. >> So what's what's the question I guess? So you you have the agent, right? It's it's messaging. >> What would be you say kind of like the blueprint but >> Yeah.
Yeah. So there so that's that's getting a portion of them. my like my biggest goal for the whole team is to get them from lead to second call booking. So like the that bot is booking what we call a like a breakthrough call which is like your your triage call and then >> we have a game plan which is like the closing call.
And so from lead to closing call I think we're at about 25% which is pretty low and we want to get it up to like 75%. So that's probably the the problem to solve here is what I'm trying to >> Okay. Yeah. Take me through that though real quick. So they book or they don't book. Eventually they book the breakthrough call. That's your triage call.
We have the triage call. >> Yeah. >> But then you're saying they don't end up on the closing call. Is that because they're not showing up after they've been booked or is that because we're not setting them? Like I guess I'm confusing Yeah. Yeah. No, that's cool. So, the including the breakthrough call. So, I think I might need to get more visibility around which specific stage they're falling out on because >> it could be from say scorecard being completed to breakthrough call.
That might be the first like drop off point whether they're actually booking that first first call. Or it could be from the breakthrough call to the game plan call that they're not showing up or they're not actually being uh booked for the game plan that and so that could be could be like an avatar or customer fit kind of thing.
But my whole >> Yeah. You got to find out. >> Yeah. Find out Yeah. You got to find out those two numbers >> because like if you look at the whole thing, you know, we could be like oh like optimizing on the back end but like 99% are like not booking the first call or vice versa. you know, most of them are booking a call.
We got really good metrics on that front end, but then, you know, they're just not showing up to the second call, which really is just setter behavior problem. Like, you know what I mean? That we need some setter coaching because if they're setting a bunch of appointments that don't show up, it's it's something that's happening inside of that conversation that would trigger that to actually happen, which are like two completely different problems.
>> Um, yeah. So, yeah, I would just find out of of all the leads that opted in, how many booked a breakthrough call? >> Yeah. What is that number? And then of all the people that had a breakthrough call, what is that actual set rate? Right? So, how many ended up being booked? And then what is the show rate of the actual second call? Um >> yeah, >> because then you can look at the set rate to the show rate and just see see what's happening.
>> Um >> yeah, >> and money question. >> Uh not a money question, but yeah, we do need clarity. You know what I mean? Because if if if I answered it without knowing those, then >> it wouldn't be much of an answer at all. It would just be >> information. >> Yeah. No, that's cool. >> So, >> um >> yeah. >> Yeah, that that's probably my first question just to get the ball rolling for everyone.
I'll I'll set back because Paul got his hand raised anyway, but uh I'll pull out see if I can pull out some more clarity and data and and we can come back to it later on. >> Yeah, even high level numbers will get get you close enough, you know. Paul, what's up, man? You got a camera? I don't know if you use a microphone either.
I can't hear you if you're talking. >> I think there's two polls. >> The Paul with his hand up. >> Yeah. >> Is there two polls? >> Yeah. >> No, come in twice. >> Oh, there is two PS. >> Can you hear me? You hear me? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> All right. So, first, how do we run >> here? Hold on one second, Paul. I'm gonna kick out.
Can I kick out other Paul? >> Kick one out. Kick the other one out. >> I'm just going to put him in the waiting room. There we go. >> You're on mute, Paul. >> There we go. Uh oh. >> There you go. >> All right. So, first, how can we run goals and projections when we're running a high ticket variable offer and it's like the the offer like all over the place and because our hit rate is low, but when we hit it's a it's a big profit.
Like my boss is asking me, you know, give me some projections on like, you know, how many people you're going to have meaningful conversations with, how many you're going to book appointments, you know, how many you going to get to the next step. It's really hard on on big ticket sizes. What do you recommend? >> It's a great question.
Did he educate you on how to do that? Your boss? >> Um, well, he says like track your calls. Like every call, no, no, like say you have a hundred dials, you had know eight pickups, you know, six of the people were just curious. Two of the people were actually interested, right? And then you went to see those two and, you know, one was like, "Oh, I'm I'm going to bring in a broker.
" and one was like, "Let's go further." Right? That's that's like kind of how the the data breaks out. Um is it just gathering history over a long period of time? >> Yeah, it's a great question. So that the reason I ask is like obviously like you know there there's a lot of ways you could do it. That's why I was kind of asking like has he shown you the specific path? In my opinion, a good manager probably should show you exactly what you should do, right? Um but if if you are kind of just wondering you do need historical data to be able to
give any type of projection right otherwise it's it's not really a projection it's just a guess so I guess the question would be what is the difference between a projection and and a and a guess um a projection means you you have some data to aim aim a target at something that's realistic right we want a projection to be plus or minus probably 20 to 30% of what actual goal is, right? So, we probably want to shoot I like to shoot above it, right? So, you know, if we're shooting for a 30% close rate, then I probably want to be
shooting for more like 42% or something would be like my actual goal. I'm going to end up closer to 30, right? Um, but if if we have no historical data on what a close rate should be or, you know, what what any of these metrics should be, it's going to be very tough because, you know, yeah, I can hope for a 40%, but I'm going to be very disappointed when I hit a 10%, but 10% could actually be good, you know, then that's that's where it's it's tough because you you don't want to aim for something that, you know, like if we didn't know the
difficulty of climbing Mount Everest and you were like, "Yeah, I'm going to go climb that mountain." And then you find out how difficult it is and no, you know, it's it's like so in short, you need some historicals. What you can do in the meantime right now is exactly what you're doing. Write down everything. Take the time to do it.
Um I know we're all sales people here. I'm like an ops and a sales guy. So I hate manual data. I hate entering data. >> Yeah. But if but we like making money, right? We like making money and until someone automates it for you, this is going to help you make money, you know. So, write it down. Um, takes a couple minutes a day.
Be diligent about it. Um, and it will help. So, um, but yeah, I would get at least two weeks of data before really trying to make any assumptions on what is or isn't possible one way or another. Another suggestion there I would I would go to whoever else like if you have team members or anyone else that you can reach out to that's doing very similar thing I I would get their benchmarks.
>> Yeah. Okay. So this really leads me to my second question. >> So right now it's only me out in the field. So, how do we figure out oh an SOP so that we can make this buyer ready so that we can bring in another person um >> like that might or might not be experienced in this industry. >> I would join a wholesale community.
Only say that because we have I mean I've ran Pace Morby's all of Pace Morby's teams Dani and Astro Flipping all of those guys teams. Um, yeah, I've ran a guy named Chris Jefferson, which was a big wholesaling officer office or offer route in like Atlanta. Um, so there's a lot of great communities that can help you.
I'm not a wholesaler, so it'd be very difficult for me to like, you know what I mean, tell you how to wholesale. My business partner, her boyfriend, has been wholesaling for 15 years now, and he crushes it. Um, me personally, I I don't wholesale. Um, so it would be tough. I do know as like because we have a lot of clients that have wholesale offers or they are wholesalers.
I would say that the primary things that stick out to me when helping them build out a a process for themselves like in a CRM is uh to total dials and the amount of dials, right? Like you you got to dial more than other people. You got to be more consistent than other people. Um, so you gota you got to get them on the phone more often uh and have more touch points.
Uh, the third would be lead quality. So, you know, where are you getting your data from and and how good is it? Um, because ultimately if this room is full of wholesalers here, like what's going to separate us? There's only really three things that could separate us. Skill on the phone, volume, or data. Right? So, if you can do those things the best you can, the better your offer going to be.
Um, but I would recommend trying to find a wholesale community. There's there's like a ton of them out there. Um, you know, that if I was going to do wholesale, that's the first thing I would do is find like this community is amazing for sales. It's going to help you a ton. I would go find a wholesale community specifically also that's going to help you, you know, write your contracts and all that other stuff.
Anyone in here have a wholesale community that they can recommend? I don't know. Might be a wholesaler in here. No. >> Okay. Thank you so much, Jordan. >> Of course. Yeah, Paul. And post post in the post in the main group. Like there's, you know, I can send over some recommendations potentially on what groups, but if you post in there, I'm sure there's going to be a lot of people that have recommendations.
So, >> Nasim, what's up, man? Jordan, how you doing, my man? >> Good. Are you on an offer or are you a DJ? >> Nah, bro. I was just making dials before getting out. >> That's funny. >> Welcome. >> Um I uh so what's it called? Um so just kind of like I guess like from a systems and and I also be curious to know uh when you know it said systems and mindset training what maybe the mindset aspect of certain things uh look like.
Um, but I guess like uh just uh I mean h how do you feel like what question do you feel like would be most effective for me uh to ask you in trying to uh maybe like achieve a goal? >> Yeah. Um it's a it's a great I don't even know if you call that a question. It's a great like question inside of a question.
Um, what would I ask myself? Um, so on the mindset piece for the the sales rep, this one's tough. Um, but but truly admin work is like the I mentioned it a minute ago. No one likes admin work. Like I'm an ops guy. Like I I don't I don't like admin work either, man. I got ADHD. I don't have time for this [ __ ] right? Run a company.
Like I I hate inputting anything that I don't need to. I So I get it. Um now a lot of reps, I don't know how you are at, you know, submitting your end of day reports or filling out your numbers or tracking your own deals, but the reality is and a lot of sales organizations is that you don't have the tools to be as successful as you can be, >> right? Like you don't have them.
So you have two options essentially. One is wait on the organization to tighten up their systems or to get a better end of day reporting system. That's what a lot of people do. And I see a lot of sales reps struggle and then they end up switching offers because they think, "Oh, this place is a mess, right? Systems here suck.
You know, I hate doing my end of days. My manager's on my ass all the time. So I switch companies. Guess what? The next offer is worse, right? it's even worse. The systems are even worse. So, and the reason I say this and again kind of the mindset piece here is that it is a necessary evil of what we do. And just like if you're playing football, just like if you're playing baseball, especially baseball, you know, if if you want to go play professional baseball, understanding your numbers is everything. Like it it just is.
You know, how many at bats did you have? How many hits did you have? How many RBIs did you have? You know, how many times did you get on base? you know, how many doubles did you have? Like, like you are judged based on your numbers and same with sales. So, you can only get better with practicing the skill set and then also understanding your numbers so that we can decide exactly what to work on.
Um, so what does this mean for you guys? Um, I think just writing down and journaling your your metrics, your your daily numbers, very very important. Also, pipeline reviews. Uh, and this is something that we we tend to get complacent and I'm guilty to guys. I gota I'm I sell sales operations CRM services and if you went and looked at my own CRM sometimes you'd be like dude this guy doesn't you know um you know it is what it is.
Um so one of the best things you can do is is go directly into your CRM. Don't dig through your pipeline, right? Like there is money sitting in there that you left on the table. I guarantee it. It doesn't matter who it is. You know, there's a couple deals that fell through the cracks. You know, they're they're maybe a month or two old and you know, they they should have closed.
Um we just did this big audit with like Jeremy Miner's team and uh there was there were some leads in there. People were like like literally like I'm trying to pay you like can you just respond, you know? um which is crazy to see, but until you go dig for it, you would never know. So that that's the one piece on mindset.
Um I'm pretty passionate about it because I I've also managed sales teams fractionally. Um and there's there's nothing, you know, more frustrating, I think, from a sales manager position than uh sales reps that are struggling, but then they come to you as a manager and say, "Oh man, I'm really struggling." It's like, "Cool.
Well, what have you done?" you know, like like have you like what have you done so far? Did you ask for help? You know, like I I would have so many people that be like on the verge of getting fired and I'm like they're like, "Oh, I can't believe you know." I was like, "Well, yeah, dude.
Have you ever even sent me a text message and said like I'm I'm struggling to close these deals?" >> Like never. You know, >> so like >> I'll just ask a followup on that. Jordan, do you feel like so from like a mindset perspective, is it more about like hey listen like >> you know make sure that you are doing the things that you need to do in order to kind of like you know make sure that you are making progress and advancing or or is it also kind of like uh just kind of like how to be positive maybe in the es and flows of business and things of
this nature like what you know >> what's your I guess which way do you view it and I would also ask like maybe if you do have some insight on the other part of it uh you know to share some of that as well. >> Yeah, it's a great question. So, and it's it's kind of funny because I feel like they go to me they go hand in hand.
So, how do we deal with the es and flows of sales, right? How do we stay positive when maybe it's just feels like everything is going wrong? One of the best ways is the numbers, right? Because if we understand our numbers well enough, we have seven bad calls in a row, we understand that it's it's going to average out, right? We we know that it's it's all going to work out.
And I don't know if there's any faith-based people in here, right? But like if you believe in the Bible, like you just know it's going to work, right? If you believe in manifestation, like you you know that it's all going to work out before it does. You know, when you know your numbers well enough in sales, it's it's very similar because you you know if you just make a hundred more dials, like everything's going to equal out.
You know, if you if you know if you take another 20 scheduled calls, it's all going to work out. Where sales reps really hurt themselves is when they don't know their numbers and they be they begin to shift everything else, right? they you change your script a little bit, you change your opener a little bit, you change your objection handling a little bit, you change your pitch a little bit because you feel like you're not closing the deals that you're supposed to be when in reality you just had a couple bad leads come through,
you know, and that's that's five leads out of 50 a month, you know, or whatever it is, however many calls you're taking, you know, 30 30 a week potentially. Um, so what what then you compound it and Cole Goran used to talk about this all the time if you ever had his trainings like you know where where we we have a couple bad calls.
We're like, "Oh man, we're over analyzing. We go look at our, you know, we start changing things in our script. We start changing things in our offer. Then it gets worse. We're like, "Oh my gosh, I got to change something else." You know, then it's like, "Ah, I suck." Um, when in reality, if we just kept everything exactly the same and we knew our numbers, none of that will happen.
So that's a big piece of like how to stay happy in sales like know like and who's the door knocker in here Jason or uh who is Yeah. Do you knock doors? >> Yeah, I do every day. I think I do it for five years. >> Yeah. So I bet there's some days out there you go knock on that first door and you're like they they open the door and they're like, you know, they're like awesome and you're like holy [ __ ] >> We've been waiting for you. Yeah.
Literally first day first door magic, dude. It's crazy. You're like a 100 doors later then you don't get anything. You're like, >> "Yeah." Yeah. >> There's probably other days where you go out and knock for eight hours and and everyone hates you, right? >> Yeah. >> So, but if we know that if we know that it's like, hey, it's it's >> and I think it makes me think of her Mosi.
I don't know if you guys ever seen him talking about him handing out flyers on the card on the cars in the parking lot, right? So, it's like, yeah, if you if you hand out a thousand flyers, you're going to get disappointed, you know, but if you just knew that, okay, for every 20,000 I hand out, like 8x happens, it's a lot easier.
Last, just to really hit this home, I think social media is another good one. We see these people go viral on social media, right? And we we all know they always say, "Oh, yeah, I had to do 150 posts before I got more than 10 likes on a single one, right? and then I made that 150 first and then all of a sudden it went crazy and every it's been wild since you know um so it's kind of the same thing like it's so hard to get to the 150th in their situation because they have no baseline to to you know like equate to you know like they
don't have that baseline of numbers like oh if I just do this many this will happen >> you know in social media you're just you're just like I hope I hope this happens one day Gotcha. >> Make sense? >> It does make sense. And I'll just ask like as it relates to um >> I guess I I'll ask like a another mindset question in specific >> like when you find yourself kind of like in a maybe in a position where you are like just finding a challenge in in regards to >> I don't know maybe I like to name it positive expectancy. You know what I
mean? Like let's say like I I'll just be specific with you. I'm in the like the the life insurance industry, right? And like I've I've, you know, sold at a fairly decent uh fairly decent level and so, you know, but then like I've also had like weeks where I've done like very poorly uh comparative and that's not something that happens frequently.
And so like when it just kind of like when you kind of like get you know getting like hammered hammered hammered hammered >> and you almost kind of like the expectancy of like what you're going to get on the phone is is is present prior to to jump to actually having that conversation. >> Yeah. Bias. >> Yeah.
Um like what like like what would you do to to to flip that, you know, to maybe like positive expectancy or or something of this nature? Yeah. So, and that's kind of talking about what I was just saying is like you go into your next calls different than you you would have normally, you know. Um because you are bringing some bias in, you're bringing some frustration in, you know.
Um especially the guys who like take booked calls on their calendars and like sometimes, you know, you just have that week where it's just like shitly. You're just like this sucks, you know? Like everyone is a tire kicker. Everyone, you know, it happens. Um, so how do you turn it around? Um, my favorite is always going back to listen to uh calls that I previously had that were really really good.
So, you know, go go back to two months ago when you were crushing it and just go listen to yourself. Not not even what the prospect is saying, but like what were you doing in that moment? Because it'll reaffirm what you should be doing. And then a lot of times you might even realize that you've navigated away from some of that stuff you were doing anyways unrelated to, you know, just the the natural slump that may be happening, you know.
Um, but I don't think there's anything better than going back to older calls. And if you guys on this call are sales reps, setters, and you don't do that often, like I think you would be so surprised. And if you just go back four weeks ago and listen to some of those calls, you'll sound like a different person sometimes. You're like, "Holy like, holy [ __ ] who is that?" You know, like, and and you didn't change your script like like you just naturally like a little 1% change every day for 30 days, you know, and it's like you're selling completely
different. Um, so yeah, I I like to go back in time, you know, kind of remember the good old days. Listen listen to what I sounded like uh is really really important. Beyond that, you know, I think every salesperson needs to just form some level of grit. Um, you know, and your daily routine is, as kind of lame as that sounds, is is huge.
Um, you know, if if you add to the problem, it's only going to get worse. And I'm really guilty of that. Like, I love pizza. And like I think it was last week, I kid you not, my girlfriend's listening, she doesn't give me a [ __ ] for this. I I was just having a bad week, man. So I was like every night I was like ordering a pizza like eating pizza before bed you know and it sure enough I wake up the next day and I'm like compounding my own problem right like now the next day I'm like tired and it's just like so that's one of the
biggest things you you can't compound your own pro like if it's already a problem just be very careful of compounding that you know um and again I try to be as transparent as possible because I'm not freaking perfect dude you know I eat pizza six days six days a week not even joking six days still fat as [ __ ] >> Spot on, brother. I appreciate it.
>> So sweet. >> Thank you, man. >> George or is it Jorge? >> It's Jorge. Yeah. So, >> Ben. Um, yeah. So, little bit of context. As I mentioned, I previously left my first offer 19. So, just kind of getting in the space. Obviously, my biggest bottleneck right now is that I'm not on a full-time offer. I'm on a part-time, but there's inconsistent lead flow.
So, I guess for you, I want to ask in my shoes, what would be like the highest leverage activities that I could do to land the right offers as fast as possible? Like, how would you go about that? >> Great question. Not sending some of those wild ass DMs that people we all get. >> Yeah. >> Um, >> um, highest leverage activities. I mean, there's a lot of sales communities, including the one you're in, you know, that that are going to have job roles all over.
Um, something I will say is it's always important no matter what job, where you're at in life, is how can you make yourself the obvious choice? Um, and this goes regardless if you're looking for a promotion interview. It's like how does how does Jorge make himself the obvious choice? So when you do get put in front of that, you know, that opportunity, you're the obvious choice.
Um, so with that, obviously being able to role play, I think is is extremely on the spot role plays. Um, I just was helping a buddy on Sunday actually. He's a good friend of mine. He uh he's like he's an aerospace engineer and then he um he was doing uh fitness content and it just popped off like two months ago.
Uh he's like a yeah jacked. He's jacked but like so he he wants to do like fitness coaching. So he started like running this offer you know with the social media is doing really well. So we were hiring potential candidates for this role. I share this because this is a perfect example what not to do. Um you know we're we're on it.
We interviewed like four candidates back toback. Um, all of them I kind of pulled out the, you know, hey, you mind if we like do a quick role play? And this wasn't an easy role play. It was it was like, you know, let's just start at like the price drop like let's just go through like, you know, some objections. >> Um, and this guy bombed.
I mean, absolutely bombed. And then essentially said, well, you know, it's just like really awkward doing doing these. I would be better. And I'm like, "Oh my god, we're we're sales people, you know, like we we got to be able to role play, you know, to some extent at least a little bit, you know?" So in that situation, like it was like, man, like, you know, had he just been like, "Oh man, can I try again?" Even that, you know, can I try again? And then like gone again, you know, and like even if he sucked, but he gave it five five at
bats, I would have been like, "Hell yeah, you know, like good for this guy." Um, so he did not make himself the obvious choice out of those candidates. So being prepared, right? Um practicing I would get, you know, if you don't have like a roleplay partner in in the community. I would definitely get one and just, you know, practice different offers. Um is really important.
Anyone else here? I know we got some great like sales reps and setters in here. Any any advice for Jorge as far as how to show up the best he can and then ultimately where some potential opportunities might be? Hey man, I uh I found the Rev Select community is really good. There's uh a bunch of guys in there.
Is that Tai Martin? I think it is. >> Is that on school? >> Uh I think he does. Yeah, he does have a school. Um but I think it's repslect.io. >> I created a profile there. He's got a lot of a lot of tips there. There's lots of job offers through there. Um, you can connect with other reps and like do role plays together.
I didn't end up doing that myself, but you can like upload a uh like a candidate video for what you're looking for. >> Um, that kind of blew the whole thing wide open for me when I when I jumped in there for for a minute. >> Amazing. >> Sick. Thank you. >> Select. Um, >> I think what Jordan said about being prepared, um, and just just knowing your structure and all that [ __ ] that way when they do ask you on a resume, you're you're there or on an interview, like you're prepared to wow them.
Like that goes such a long ways. Even when you're in the role, like that would go such a long ways because like every company is going to have a way of of doing how they do it, right? But if you know your structure and you're confident in your structure, then just do what you do because you know you're going to close close the damn deal anyway, right? So that goes a really long ways.
>> Yeah. >> Yeah. Makes sense to to Jordan's point. So the part-time offer I landed was because of a role play because I killed the role play. But the other I think two two interviews I had, they were doing like a group interview and so not every interview kind of involves a role play. So like should I ask the role play or is it just more so like a hit or miss? No, it's it's it's be prepared for it.
You know, if you get the opportunity, awesome. Like I I there there are different um there there's different uh levels, right? Which is like you you do have to understand how to be be uh egg enigmatic and and I can't talk. Um you know, on a group interview, you have to understand how to how to stand out on the group interview.
And that's a different skill obviously than a really good role play, you know. Um, and these are just natural skills like you're just going to have to get used to. Um, you also don't have to be the loudest person in the room. So, you know, on a group interview, um, it's that's really going to depend on the quality of the interviewer transparently.
So, if they're a really good interviewer, you could be silent the whole time and and you'll still get to the next level, you know, because they may respect that. So, it's it's kind of one of those things um where just don't get caught with your pants down, I guess, is what I was saying and what Mark is saying, right? Is you know, the worst thing you can do is have zero structure.
>> And Mark Mark has a really good point, which is the structure because as long as you have your structure, it doesn't matter what you're pitching. You know, you could be selling um you know, fitness, you could be selling bizop, you know, it's like the same structure, which is really nice. Um, people get, I think, caught up sometimes and they sell like one thing and they don't have any real framework for what they're selling and then they go to sell something else and they're just lost because they don't know the offer
details. It's like make them up. You don't need to offer details, you know. >> Okay. >> So, yeah, >> but yeah, Rep Select and then uh shoot me a message on school as well because I have quite a few connections um of of people that are like always hiring different offers. So, um I'm happy to try to try to introduce you like I am by no means a sales agency.
Never will be, never want to be, but um I do have a lot of friends that take care of that. Um >> appreciate that. >> Also like improv training, acting classes as well, like just to get some foundational um communication skills. Like they'll >> stuff that you'll pay $10,000 for you'll pay like a hundred bucks for a community acting class.
And you'll be surprised just how much you can get into get out of that as well. >> Okay. Interesting. That's a first. >> Never heard that one. That was Yeah, that's awesome. >> All right. Awesome. Well, thank you guys. >> We got the next uh I don't know any actors, but uh I guess I don't spend my time watching movies, but we're gonna see Jorge on the big screen one day.
So, >> cool. Uh I don't know who else. Uh Phillip Hello. Yeah. So, I am going into I guess it's it's not super formal, but uh potentially uh interview right now with uh it's like a development construction like new development construction firm and it's uh Um, yeah. From a systems standpoint, like what would you be looking for that they would have already set up? Um, >> my my So, I'm in LA.
My understanding is that uh their LA sort of office is is a newer thing, but they're quite established in um the Northern California. >> So, >> yeah. what would you be looking at like for them to have set up and what would be the kind of thing that potentially I could bring to the table from a sales stand point to to also bring new business and stuff like that.
Um, I guess I would need a little more clarity on on that, you know. Um, at a high level, I mean, do they have a way to manage your leads? Like, you know, like are you are you using a piece of paper? Like, do they have a system? Um, the tough part about a lot of times internal systems with like larger organizations, I I don't know how big this company is, even if it's not that big, you know, if they're not on like one of the big three, go high level, HubSpot, Close CRM, um, Doho Monday, uh, there's not a lot you can do and it it
does get a little tough sometimes, you know what I mean? Um, whoever's selling life insurance in here has probably experienced that. um or or solar also. You know, a lot of times uh they're kind of one-off CRM like in-house built, not always the best. Um, Philip for you I guess anytime it's like a realtor or you know a developer or something like that.
I think what what what is important is and anyone else on this call as well was when you're looking for like a sales ro role or a is like not like the number of what you could make it it's more so like can can they easily break down the math behind the opportunity uh is one of the best ways to really get a good idea of if the offer is going to be good or not.
Um a really really good offer says oh yeah we're going to give you 60 leads. On average, all of our people take 60 leads, they turn it into 15 booked appointments. Of the 15 booked appointments, our average order value is $12,000. So that means you're closing at this much, you're going to make this much like at a minimum.
Um, some of our top guys are doing this instead. Like if they can't break down that math, then it's like sometimes you might want to take a little step back. Um, unless you're transparent about it and saying, "Hey, we're a scaling company. We have no idea how well this is going to work." like you know but you probably should also be getting some additional benefit in that um if if that is the case.
So for you, Philip, it's like, you know, what what is the math behind the operation, you know, and and and are they gonna, you know, I mean, there's so many questions for me that I just wouldn't have without M contacts. Like, are they providing leads to you? Are they not? Um, if they are, are you supposed to be using your own systems or are you using their systems? You know, um, do you know any of that at this point? No, I this is the I think some of those that I mean that's the conversations that's going to happen right now.
>> Cool, cool, cool, cool. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it'd be hard. I mean, if you come back next week or or you know fire off a message in uh school, I can I can definitely point you in the right direction, but we do need that context, right? Um of like who who's providing the leads, where are they stored, what's the expectation on, you know, ma managing those leads.
Um, and then you can kind of make a decision there. I do have a lot of clients like I have one guy that sells ecom stores as like uh he has like a fulfillment company and he sells like these ecom stores like 100k 50k a lot of them. They're really good. I guess I guess I don't know. I haven't bought one but um but he he came to us to build out his own CRM.
So he gets like leads from them. He closes his own deals but he hated like their sales process. So he just built his own completely. Um, and he crushes it, you know. So, it it really just depends. >> Makes sense. Sound good? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Cool. >> Cool. Cool. >> Andre, what's up, man? I >> think Mark was first now.
>> I don't know. Mark's not Mark Mark's hand's not up. Or is it? It is up now. >> Yeah. when I talked I think it went down. So >> Oh, put it back here. Yeah. Thank you, Andre. Mark, what's up? >> Um, so I've been on this offer for like 60 days now. Started at the beginning of January.
Um, the first two weeks were a little slow. We went to like a you know um a conference um all together just to get exposure to to the industry which was great. Um, since then, um, we've talked, you know, about like close ratios and stuff like that and like we came to the undersod understanding that I would need about 50 calls a month, um, inbound, like booking, right? Um, since then, I don't know what's happened, but the leads have fell completely off.
Um, like month to date, I've had nine booked calls. Uh, so we're way off on the math. Um, and you know, I I I don't want to blame the leads or be a little [ __ ] or anything like that. So, like I've been doing a bunch of outbound to like set my own appointments to to make up the gap. Um, which that's like, you know, working well and everything.
But >> when I got hired, there was like two two sales like there was a sales team of like two people and then when I got hired, I was the only salesperson, >> right? So, they let them go immediately, which was weird to me. But I guess like what I'm asking is like how do you know when like the offer is not figured out then you're just kind of spinning your wheels? Um why you wait for them to figure it out? Like we have a marketing team and everything which they're all like you know affiliates and media buyers.
>> Um >> you know and we're running ads on Meta and everything for for the inbound bookings but like for for like the whole month they have just fell completely off. Like I have more days this month not taking any calls than I did take than I had taking calls. >> Yeah, that's a tough one. Um, so I mean there's there's kind of like a couple different paths here.
one I always say I'm I'm a big believer in like I've never been one to like offer hop or company hop right I'm I'm usually pretty loyal only because I I have always kind of positioned myself in a place of learning right and growth so there's been many times in my career where I did not get paid what I should have been getting paid But I respected the people I worked with.
I I had a huge opportunity to learn and grow. Um and I did right that that was the biggest thing. So a lot of those times I was okay with dealing with some of the headaches or the nightmares that were happening the extra stress like whatever it was because I I knew that it was it was ultimately shaping me into what I needed to be for for my next level.
So the question is always for me first that you know like is this an organization where you see that additional benefit if not and it's strictly like hash driven and there's no real additional benefit then yeah you really need to take a take a strong look at ultimately what was happening before you which maybe they're not going to be 100% transparent about you know Um, and then if and then and then what is different? Like what is you know if they had truly 50 cobook calls per month and that was like just normal
something clearly blew up like you know what I mean? Like it's you don't just drop >> I don't feel that was normal. I I don't feel I don't feel they had 50 booked calls per month. >> Cool. So, if you don't, then the, you know, and I I'm all for like really respectful transparency. Um, that's always been my leadership style.
Um, I respect when people address me that way as well, which is, you know, going into the conversation of like, hey, like I totally like this is what I've experienced so far, you know, and like I just want to make sure like I'm in alignment with you guys on like what is actually possible and what's happening. Um, and maybe we need to adjust our strategy together, you know, so that like we we can make this a reality.
Um, and and and just aligning like, you know, what what is the probability of like me actually having 50 book calls? Was that like and you can even put it on yourself of like was that just like a bad a missed expectation on my part even if they said it was, you know, the expectation. It's like did did I misalign my expectations with that? and and kind of give them the opportunity to be like, "Oh yeah, you know, we're we're really working on it, you know, like whatever it may be.
" I always go back to though again, can you see a future opportunity and and and do you think it's worth the risk? Because at the end of the day, it's it's 100% risk and reward, you know? So, is there a reward at the end? And is the risk worth it? If if those two don't align, that's always kind of my barometer.
Like, you know, if if those aren't in alignment, then it doesn't you might want to change offers or explore different avenues, you know? >> Yeah. I mean, they're they're good dudes. They're good people. Like, uh I know like their head and heart is in the right place. Like, I I I don't question that.
I've been on other offers before where I was like, "Hell no, what is what is going on here?" But, uh >> I don't question that. I just like it's just weird like in in 60 days like you know you said this and then now now we're doing this and I'm the only one here like what what what really happened there you know. >> Have you had that conversation with them though? >> Loosely like I I told him when I first got um when I first came on to this offer that like my biggest concern was like only having three or four calls a week like that's not going to cut it
period like at all. >> And they're like no we can ramp it up at any time. Well, we're 60 days in and it's slower than it ever has been. Yeah, it's probably a good time to have that conversation, you know, and and again, it's it's I would never come at it and I know you wouldn't either just from talking with you right now.
you would never come at as an angle of like, oh, these leads are [ __ ] and I'm not getting book calls and you said I would, you know, but it's like, hey, I really want to figure this out with you guys, but like at the same time, I have a family to feed and like I have to make sure that like, you know, we we're aligned on like the probability of this being a success because, you know, it and and then they have the choice to be honest or not.
Um, you know, and there's been times where I'm running ads and someone asked me that question, I'd be like, dude, transparently, I have no [ __ ] clue if this is going to work. You know what I like this is a 100% toss up and like we it may or may not work. Like I'm I'm obviously betting all my cards that this will work.
You know, I'm spending 50 grand on ads, you know, hoping this funnel is going to work, but you know, I would be transparent with you and be like, I don't know, dude. You know, like give give us two weeks and we'll know more, you know. So, yeah, but it is it is it's a tough one, you know. Yeah. Um, >> and I feel like we're missing the boat on like lowhanging fruit.
Like we don't have any like VSSL or anything when they book to kind of explain the process or anything. So like people are coming in >> super low intent, right? And we could do things on our end to move that intent from like a one to a five before they even talk to me. >> Real easy. >> Yeah. You know, so something else there, Mark, is like when I'm talking about like the opportunity, I don't know what you want to do with your future, right? like you just want to be a salesperson, you know, like a lot of people do, like that's
awesome. Like, but maybe there's a world where you want to be an operator, you want to be, you know, a marketer and and this gives you a really cool opportunity sometimes to to start like doing some pre-all stuff that they've never done, you know, and bring that back to like, oh, hey, by the way, guys, I started sending them like this pre-all asset, you know what I mean? And these people show up instead of a one out of five, they're showing up as like a six out of 10.
um like can you can you know maybe we can add this to like the funnel or like you know it's like so it does give you I think some opportunity to be creative in your sales process and helping them you know with this because I'll tell you why I talk to a lot of really really successful business owners uh all the time and I have a lot of clients that are like pay me a lot for consulting in other other industries in the info space people are like really on like dude killers right like they're because there's a bunch of hustlers in this community, right? You go into like
some of these are like banking and like, dude, these companies are doing $50 million a year plus and like you're looking at the sales process and you're like, this is so outdated. It's so archaic, you know, like what do you mean you guys aren't sending pre-all text messages, you know, like what? So, yeah.
So that that's what I would say is, you know, if if you see some opportunity there to help them and like, you know, help yourself at the same time, like that could be a cool opportunity. So, >> okay. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Just want to make sure my head's in the right spot. So, >> yeah. Andre. Hey, Jordan. Uh, have you worked on scaling any uh sales teams before or are you morally honest? >> Yes.
>> Okay. Um, I'm not at that point yet. I'm not even a sales guy, frankly. I'm an engineering background, right? and I'm trying to start my own business here. >> And um I'm of the hunch right now that there are some industries that the sales reps just kind of have to be a subject matter expert as well.
And uh two-part question, are there any industries you as a sales rep wouldn't touch with a 10-ft pole for that reason? And number two, if that's not really a problem or it is a problem, I don't know what's your advice on it in general, but like what how should I go about doing this? >> Okay, let's break that down.
So, because you you your first thing was I'm I'm thinking about starting a business and and and scaling potentially like in the future. Okay. Second part of the question was more like if I'm going to be a sales rep, what industries would I stay away from? Can you connect the dots or are they completely unconnected and they're just two different questions? >> We're doing architecture, right? So, I've been in this for about two or three months.
All my best leads are obviously in-person referrals. I haven't been able to close much that's been ad based. It's just a lot more difficult. It's a lot harder to bridge that trust. people want to hear that you're a subject matter expert or at least that's the feeling I'm getting. Maybe my scripting is bad. And uh I'm thinking long term like, okay, great. I do a good job.
I start getting consistent leads with ads myself. Now I want to bring sales reps to replace myself. Are they even going to be able to like hold their weight? >> Gotcha. That that helps helps me a ton. Um yes. It'll probably be a difficultish model to prove. Not impossible, right? Not impossible at all, but it it will be a difficult model to prove as far as like, you know, running cold traffic and then convincing someone to buy a house, you know, like in a custom home or a custom building, whatever you're selling. Um, but not impossible. And and
the in-person thing there is sometimes I think it's be going to become a thing of the past, you know. So, it's some people I Like I want to back up like some people are going to be stuck in the past and that's how they have to do things. We know with AI modeling and all the other tools that we have nowadays like it's probably worse in person to some extent you know or will be here soon you know um compared to what you might be able to display in a sales conversation remotely.
Um, so and I'm not an architecture architect or an engineer, but I can see that. Now, as far as the subject matter expert situation, I I don't think they need No, they don't. They definitely don't need to be an engineer or an architect. Um, now they still need to be a subject matter expert. Um, a good example of this is marketing services.
I coach in another community, a she sells community, not not Shelby Sab, she sell Sells is like another one. Um, really great community of of women specifically that do sales and one of the girls um is selling like lead genen services, but she knows nothing about lead genen, right? So, she's brand new to it. So it's it's difficult for her to speak about it because okay compared to like someone like me if I was going to go sell lead genen services well I've ran my own business for quite a while I fully understand and tried myself and failed on most of them of cold email
right AI lead genen cold calling Facebook ads YouTube ads Google ads LinkedIn ads Reddit right So, I'm able to talk more about the potential mishaps that they'll run into when purchasing lead generation and why like my solution is probably better than going with all these other routes. Okay? But that doesn't mean I can't teach her that.
So, it's going to take her a little extra time, you know, like I naturally would know that. So long story short, you would have to find a way to be able to communicate that process to them, you know, and help them understand what are the most common concerns, the most common issues, right? Because what people want from a sales rep most of the time, especially in any technical or B2B environment is uh they they anyone here read the book Challenger Sale? No. Fantastic book. Check it out.
Um but it talks about the concept of like putting a new idea in their head, you know. So, if you can find a way to like have that help the client have a light bulb moment, that's that's ultimately like a really effective way to do sales. The challenger, you know, you get them the light bulb to go off.
You can only have the light bulb go off if you if you at least at some level know what you're talking about. >> That make sense? >> Yeah, 100%. Um, yeah. I think it's just kind of from like an offering standpoint when these guys get on the phone with like an architect and they can actually answer design questions as opposed to just like general knowhow of construction and appear like a subject matter expert without getting into design.
That would be a big disadvantage, >> you know, on our end. >> Competitive disadvantage. >> Yes. And and so it goes both ways though because for example in the coaching industry something that's always funny is like the the worst sales reps in the coaching industry are the ones that like want to be coaches themselves, right? Like because they end up over coaching.
They end up like trying to be a fitness coach and like and what what happens is you know you ever heard like the gap, right? Like where they want to where where they are and where they want to be like you can move the walls in or out, right? So when you're moving these walls, what what they typically do is they close the gap too much.
So they coach so much on the call that the walls come together and then by the end the prospect's like, "Oh, [ __ ] Yeah, I can do this on my own." You know what I mean? Like you gave me everything I need. Like, hell yeah. I'm going to go run through a wall. I'm going to go like, "I'll call you later. Bye." You know, I'm going to go work out now.
>> And it's like, "Oh shit." You know, I've helped too much. Um so that's when it can almost be a disadvantage because you stop being a sales rep and you start becoming you know a like an architect or like an implementtor you know uh alternatively just to play devil's advocate aerospace and like high you know like engineering like if you don't know what this part does on a rocket and you're trying to sell it You know, it's probably not a very good like you have to be an aerospace engineer to sell some of that stuff.
>> Yeah. >> Jordan Jordan Park could not go sell that no matter how many pamphlets I read or or you know technical specifications like you you had to know that. So it is finding a balance. Uh, I think Andre where your sales process would actually benefit like if I was to structure this out, I would have front-end sales reps that are that are sales people. Okay.
Then I would have just like a a technical SAS product, you have your engineers and then you have your sales reps and like they're partnered together essentially. So you would have one architect, right? Or or one technical person to like three sales reps. So the sales reps are doing their jobs and then when they need to lean on them or when they need to pull this person into the meeting, they can at any time, right? So, so now you only need one technical person for every four or five, six sales reps, you know, you can figure
out what that like math is instead of needing seven, five, six architects, you know, or five, six technical people, if that makes sense. I was um I was going to say Andre just with what Jordan was saying around um not over coaching or over consulting and positioning your sales guys as like they're the gatekeepers protecting the consultants.
So they're just the right fit people. They're just making sure the people coming in are the ideal fit to actually speak to the consultants and that's all they're doing and they're just going through the check boxes. Are are you this? Are you that? And it actually the frame shifts a lot when you're when you're making sure, hey, you're not our worst case client and are you our best client? And that's kind of all the sales guys are doing.
And then uh having that technical second technical sales call as needed. Um that's just a different kind of >> the second one being the closer kind of uh type of thing really just the first line being setters. Is that kind of the dichotomy? >> Even even the closer can be a little bit like a hey is this the right fit kind of conversation.
Yes, they're still going to get the money or like still let them through but it's the frame is it's a different frame. you're not giving away value as a saleserson where you're over like you're you're kind of almost selling your services too early if you think the sales people have to be architects. Just something to think about. >> 100%.
Our competition literally gives the design right off the bat sometimes like shares the ideas. I've screwed myself a billion times by doing that, but they end up getting the sale, I feel like, more often than we do. Or at least that's my hunch because I feel like we're not getting it to the same extent. >> So, it's a product question as well, and it's so hard to find that >> that that balance.
>> Yeah, it's it's a great problem to explore. I would I would encourage you kind of what you're doing right now. just because someone does it a certain way doesn't mean you know you you have to do it that way. Um and and you know but you do have to find a reason of like explaining why for example a lot of times like people want to hire our company to like to just go build like oh yeah we want to go build this thing and it's like cool we don't do that.
Well, what do you mean? Like, I'll pay you to build it. Dude, we don't just build stuff. You know what I mean? Like, if you want us to come in and you want to hire us and we'll we'll take a look at exactly why you want to build it and what we should actually build. And if they happen to end up being the same thing, fantastic. You know, most of the time they're not because they're not us.
You know, there's a reason why people pay us to do what we do. Um, but but yeah, so it's it's, you know, I have to I it's like it's just not a product we offer. We don't build workflows. We don't build [ __ ] We we come in and we build you a sales system start to finish. That all starts with, you know, us architecting on the front end and doing a full diagnosis of what you want, where you're at, where you want to get to, and why we're doing this, and what that looks like and planning out this entire thing, you know. So, we don't do phase one
only. We don't do pieces like it's you got us or you go somewhere else. Yeah. I'll help you hire someone on Fiverr. to go build you a workable. So, >> but there are other people and the reason I say that is like there's a lot of other companies that do hourly work, you know, or project based work and they'll do just that stuff.
>> Yeah, I appreciate it, guys. I guess I just got to reframe out of the design questions. They're really just asking for like validation, maybe trust that I'm doing what I'm doing. Um, >> yeah. Yeah, I got creative. >> Think of >> think of like all the reasons that giving away the the plan up front isn't the right move and kind of like use the other guys as the like the enemy and create your own like little tribe where yeah, we don't do that for a really good reason and you want to come on to our side and and like play the game with us.
This is how we do it. And you set that frame really strong so they have to fit in with you. if they're the right fit and and then that way it's like this is a reasonably big change in process um and and perspective but I think that this is how how you're going to win with this or at least an option to anyway.
Yeah, it's exactly what Isaac just said, which is there and and there has to be a reason why you do it differently. And for us, the reason why is because we we are usually this a lot of times, and this is just over like 200, 300 different implementations we've done, we're usually like the third or fourth call, right? Which means we inherit a a piece of [ __ ] I mean, it's just a mess.
we've had five other consultants or five other agencies in there building stuff. You got it's all duct taped together. It's you it's almost easier just to completely restart sometimes. Um so so that is why we only do the full thing because usually we inherit this complete mess. We got to go unwind everything.
We got to figure out why this stuff was built in the first place and then what is the desired state that we actually want. Um, so we explain that on the call. Hey, this is exactly why we do this and the outcome usually is the founder goes, "Yeah, dude. I know it's probably worse than you even think it is.
" Like that's their feeling. Like they know it's a piece of [ __ ] They know that they've talked to seven other people and had 20 different people working on it and and it's like, you know, so they're holding this thing and they know how bad it is, you know? So when I tell them, "Yeah, we won't just take this and go fix it.
" Like, "We we'll take it. We're going to set it to the side and we're going to we're going to, you know, design something how it should have been done the first time." So yeah, and they respect that. >> Yeah. >> Because no one else did that. Everyone else just took the ball and then put more duct tape on, you know. >> Yeah.
Yeah, I got to figure out how that analogy perfectly fits in our scenario. There's some uh I got to fix this closer script, man. I literally have a closing call today and I'm just not confident with it in the same way. I would fire it off. um if you can like obviously I don't know what you know uh what privacy concerns you might have but um I would I would pop it in um into uh the Yeah, Mark, that does I Yeah, I can hardly see it up there.
That happened last time. Uh but I would probably pop it into the main channel and say, "Hey guys, you know, I have this offer. Like I'm struggling." Like I'm sure there's some people that pop in a comment on it. um you know and and I'm happy to take a quick look at it, too. So, >> I appreciate that. It's really nice of you guys. Thank you guys so much.
>> Mark, quick question, man, because you mentioned that book earlier, right? I got one credit left on my Audible account besides the uh the the challenger uh sale. >> What What What sales book would you recommend for me to spend that on? True sales book. Um, that's tough. There's a lot of good ones.
Um, have you ever read The Greatest Salesman in the World? The Greatest Salesman? >> No. That would be worth listening to. >> You could pro you that one's a really fun one to listen to and it's quick. It's like an hour long, I think. Total like start to finish. You could listen to it practically every day. um the greatest uh but it's not going to be a technical book.
So that's why I say it kind of depends on what you want. This one is much more it's augmentino. It's one of the most classic like you know it's more of like a I don't want to give it away because it's like worth just >> I don't think I'd spend an Audible credit on it now that I think about it because I think you can get it for free. >> Okay.
>> Uh potentially or like a dollar I don't know. >> Sure. >> Um Challenger sale is really good though. Uh, it is. Um, I would say those are probably like two of my favorites. Challenger Hill and Agendino's Greatest Salesman. Uh, yeah. If you haven't if you haven't done The Greatest Who else Does Has anyone have The Greatest Salesman in here? No. Check it out.
>> It It's pretty good. Yeah, >> it's >> I just finished the science of scaling. Uh, if you If you haven't checked out that book, I replayed several parts of that book uh just to grasp the concept of it because it just like >> Okay. >> Haymakers throwing at you like checking yourself like internally.
So, it's pretty >> amazing. I got it right here. Yeah. >> Yeah. I was going to say I I usually Is it Is it by the same author that wrote The Science of Getting Rich? >> Uh I'm not sure on that. I just had that book recommended and I dove into it. It's pretty good. Yeah. Um yeah, I read a lot of more not so much sales books but like like that the science of scaling more more um broader like entrepreneurial you know um the lean startup is a really good one I just finished not too long ago and um different books I just reread Alex
Shimosi's $und00 million offer book which is always a classic. >> Is that is that a good one? I had that in my in my queue the other day and I was like you should pull the trigger on that but I felt like I wanted to read the physical book and not listen to it. >> Um I mean it's Alex reading the book so it's kind of cool when like the author is you know reading like you know Matthew McConna's uh green green lights is it? >> Yeah. Green light.
>> Yeah. >> Have you have you listened to that book? No, I have not. I have not. >> Oh, really? Isaac looks like he's read it or listened to it. >> I just heard him promoting it on all the podcasts. I haven't listened to it, but I know that he he read it himself. >> Yeah, >> it's killer. It's It's like Yeah, because it's Matthew McConnA reading the whole thing.
Um, >> killer book. Really, really good book. >> Maybe I dropped my reading list. I'm a big reader. Yeah, I got I got a lot. So >> yeah, I'm trying to challenge myself to read two a month this this year. So um one of them kind of kill out here in the last like week of the of the month here. So >> amazing.
Um yeah, Augmentandino, uh greatest salesman in the world's really good. Challenger sales really good. $100 million offers really good. Um yeah, I'll drop a list in the community. >> Yeah, if I was going to pick a book, should should I start with 100 million leads or 100 million offer? offer >> offer. Okay. >> Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Especially as like a sales rep, I think it makes the most sense. Um >> Okay. >> Money models like I think money model is probably the best one in my opinion. Uh >> I just >> just nice. Yeah. I just shaping your idea around like, you know, cuz I have a company right now that like my margin I don't love the margin on the on the company and we actually restructuring like an entire offer right now for it.
um just because you know 90% profit's better than 35% you know so >> um but it's good money models are good because had I known some of this stuff before building a business you know I probably would have built the business a little bit differently uh from the beginning so >> interesting >> save you some some money and time >> cool but awesome y appreciate it uh if you guys need anything feel free to tag me or shoot me a message in the community.
Uh we'll be doing these every single week. Again, it's kind of mindset. Honestly, a little bit of everything. Um but, uh systems, different things. I might even I'm a little more prepared to some of these calls with like an actual, you know, like if I was a sales rep, here's exactly the AI that I would be using, how I would set it up.
Um you know, like I have a Lindy bot in here, which is pretty sweet. Uh if you guys haven't checked that out, I would definitely check out Lindy. It's like a a knockoff, not a knockoff, it's like a simple by Claudebot. um that you know it can't do what a cloud bot can do but it can do most of it.
Um so but it's like a one-click login which is really nice. >> Exactly. >> Awesome. Clay, thanks for being here man. Um I don't know who you are. I didn't get to talk with you but I love your photo and uh where where is that? >> Uh that's Pikes Peak. >> Pikes Peak. >> Yeah. >> That's sick. Yeah, it was a >> Did you drive a car up it? >> No, I took the tram, but I plan to hike it in at the end of this year or what like within the next like 8 to 12 months.
>> Nice. I want to take a street bike up it. >> Oh, that's crazy. >> As fast as I can. >> That's cool. >> I was just in Thailand racing street bikes like for a whole month. It was amazing roads out there. >> Yeah, that's a killer [ __ ] quad to get up that [ __ ] mountain. I apologize for >> No, you're good. Yeah, I'm sure.
Why would you not catch me walking up that thing? No chance. Motorcycles, fast cars, dirt bikes down, walking. No chance. >> They do a race. >> Like a a foot race or Yeah, the Pikes. That's what I was saying. The Pike The Pikes Place Rally is like Yeah. Very famous. Yeah, very famous. Um, I will say I did a hike archetono, uh, which is like a volcano in Guatemala. Super sick.
>> It's also horrible hiking, but once you're at the top, it's cool. So, >> well, I'm glad to be a fly on the wall. >> Yeah, thanks for being here, Clay. Welcome anytime. Um, we'll be doing these every week, so >> yeah, man. Looking forward to next week. >> Cool. Cheers, y'all.
