Before we get into the purpose of a lead magnet, let me tell
you a little rule that I'm a big fan of when it comes to
helping businesses to know what to focus on, because focus
is a big thing. For instance, when someone wants to increase
their conversions, you don't just aim for more conversions.
I would take a look at the landing page and try and address
what the issue was. If there's loads of traffic arriving and
no one's buying, in that case, I would assume that the offer
needed some work. But if there was a good amount of
conversions, but not enough people were landing on the site
to buy, that's a traffic problem. Now, traffic and offer are
both very different things to focus on when running a
business. So when someone is coming to me for advice, I say,
okay, but do you have 20% of your total following on your
email list? Because if you don't, or you do, there are two
different directions we need to go in. If you don't have 20%
of your followers right now on your email list, you need to
grow your email list. And we call a list the database,
pretty much where all your leads from these lead magnets are
going to be captured, and if you do have 20% or more on your
email list, you need to grow your audience. Because although
you can do both at the same time, it's a bit difficult. It's
a bit like trying to gain muscle during a cutting phase.
Because if you think about it, harvesting your field shrinks
them. It's nature. So you may lose a few followers or
subscribers pushing your email database, but that's fine. We
always want to aim for that amazing position of 20%. When
you hit it, you can go back to delivering high engagement
content that can grow your following. Now, for some of you,
as a task, to complete during this module, please go away
and find out what percentage of your total following is on
your email list. And if it's zero, that is okay. I actually
think zero can be more forgivable than something like 100.
Because zero, you just haven't got started yet. You maybe
have never heard of an email list, you don't know what that
is. But 100, I bet you probably gave up. Some ways, oh, grow
an email list, got to 100. Pull your finger out, you
bastard, and grow that. Because unless your following is 500
people, then you're off the hook. But always just have that
20% in mind. So where was I? What is a great lead magnet?
Well, it's a complete solution to a small problem. Not all
problems. Now, I will use a lot of fitness industry examples
only because a lot of my following are personal trainers. I
also think it's easier to give fitness as an example.
Because let's imagine the accountants that I work with will
understand it. But I don't think if I was to give PTs
financial examples, they'd be able to keep up. No offense,
you just can be thick. Only joking, that's banter. If you're
not from the UK, relax. It's how we talk to each other. So
many coaches think, right, I'm just going to give someone a
free eight-week workout. And this is a fucking terrible lead
magnet because it doesn't really solve a problem. It's just
a free workout program. And the reason I hate it is, well,
by the time they finish the program, it's two months away.
That person has gone cold. Secondly, it's only going to be a
shitter version of what you sell. So cool. They did the shit
version for eight weeks and thought, well, the shit version
means two things. One, they stuck to it. They go, actually,
I don't need a coach. I just need a program. Or two, they
gave up and joined someone else's program in that time. So
just a bit like Inception, the film, this lead magnet has
the sole purpose of helping you understand to create lead
magnets. And I recognize a lot of my prospects could do with
learning more about this topic. And then a lot of my
customers could do with being reminded. And then a lot of
people that don't know me that well could download it for
free from ads and become a lead. Another smart way some
businesses run lead magnets is with Daniel Priestley's Score
app, which works by giving people a quiz. They fill out the
quiz and they're given all the relevant information for the
business to actually sell to them more efficiently. Calorie
calculators have worked for a long time in fitness. I think
they're a little bit rinsed now, but it's important that you
have lead magnets centered around maybe discounts. Some
websites that you go to have a pop-up where you save 15% if
you put your email in to get the offer. This is due to
websites knowing their bounce rate, the amount of people who
leave and don't come back. Sometimes given a 15% discount,
it's cheaper than having to spend the advertising to win
them back again. Getting someone's number before they leave
the club is the most important thing. Same as getting
someone's email address and data before they leave. So let
me make three lead magnets up on the spot for a physio.
Maybe it's for overcoming back pain. It could be a 22-day
mobility and strength assessment that helps you understand
what could be causing back pain and how to fix it. And maybe
each day you're presented with a unique assessment, which
could be done in under eight minutes. And then come the end
of it, we could provide a free program based on the culprit
area, or book you in with one of the team to cater to a
professional and bespoke rehab plan. Or maybe an accountant
where you could get a free spreadsheet for expenditure and
cashflow, an idiot-proof smart guide where you input your
weekly and monthly spending versus your income. And using a
special type of AI that you've trained, this can generate
and forecast your savings and investment potentials. This
could help people save money, waste less money, and better
yet, it's free. And maybe a third person could be an
investor, and it could be a 2025 look at what ETFs, indexes,
and funds to invest into. And we could call it the first
$100 investor guide, a step-by-step process of investing
your first $100, where to invest it, how to manage it, and
what platforms to use. You could call it an idiot's guide to
investing. Then for the next 28 days, you'll get a little
bit of investing information to help you spread your capital
the best. And best yet, there is no commission and this
would be 100% free. It could be something as simple as
having a digital nomad starter kit, where to stay in Bali,
what cafes to visit. You could then sell a service helping
people to get clients online, where they are, create social
groups, etc. A lead magnet is like a piece of content. It
needs to be well thought out, because if you just make a
shit piece of content, nothing's going to happen. Jerry
Seinfeld often talked about how he treated joke writing like
a discipline, almost like an office job. He used to sit in a
room for ideas, so he could think of the process of
deliberately carving out times to write every day, and not
waiting for inspiration to strike. So here's the gist of
Seinfeld's routine. He would set aside specific time every
day to sit alone in a room with nothing but a yellow legal
pad and a pen. And the rule was, he had to write. He had to
come up with something brilliant. He had to stay in the
chair. What am I saying? I'm saying that tomorrow, you could
sit in a room for two hours, and it could technically be the
lowest paid two hours of the week. Yet, all it takes is for
one idea, a concept, inception, and you could make a huge
amount of money. For instance, I came up with the idea for
this little micro course when I was in the shower a few days
ago. The simple idea could equate to thousands of leads,
which could lead to hundreds of customers, which I only need
400 clients to earn a million dollars. Then it's a simple
equation. If one in 10 people who do this course join my
mentorship, then I only need 4,000 people to sign up to it,
which is only 10% of my following on either YouTube or
Instagram. Suddenly, earning a million dollars doesn't seem
so daunting from an idea. The idea on its own isn't enough.
You need the entire ecosystem, but I can't stress this
enough. If you were to just go for a walk and think for a
long time about what your lead magnet could be, the
profitability, but a lead magnet's not enough on its own.
You need the entire ecosystem, months of posting content,
creating goodwill, so that when you pull the lever of the
lead magnet gate, you flood in people that could be right
for sales. For instance, I'm approaching the $4 million mark
with this course, and I'm thousands of clients deep, and
I've not done a single sales call to this day. That is the
power of lead magnets. A good lead magnet creates a good
ecosystem, and I can't stress enough. Good ideas, working
with people, seeing problems, solving them for free, and
we'll go into how exactly you convert them into a customer
shortly, creates a perfect environment for you to have
enough leads to tap up, whatever industry you're in. But
before we look into what makes an amazing lead magnet, why
don't we look into what makes a shit lead magnet?
