When it comes to starting social media, some of you might be
in the very infancy of creating your account. Just keep it
real simple. It's not a place to take pictures of your lunch
or to get a downlighting swelfy in the changing room. It is
a place to maybe even just put resources for your clients.
So imagine this is a real simple strategy to get started.
You're training a client and she looks at you and goes, what
are macros? And you explain to her, but you go, I'm going to
give you a brief explanation now, Sandra, but when I get
home after work, or actually I've got a gap at 2pm to 3pm,
I'm going to create a video. I'm going to explain exactly
what it is. Then rather than giving Sandra a TED talk, you
go into the PT room where you find a corner of the gym
that's quiet, wait till you get home. You do a video and you
go, micronutrients are protein, fats, and carbs. This is how
we divvy up nutrition into different categories because
protein can do things that carbohydrates can't do and
carbohydrates can almost do something the protein can't do.
And then you can go into it, four calories, four calories,
nine calories, you know the deal. Then you put that video
out for your client. But if the person that's paying you has
that question, people that are soon to pay you are going to
ask you the same question. Even a few weeks ago on my
YouTube channel, some guy who had an aircon, he was like,
I'm going to ask you the same question. Air conditioning
business asked me a question. I said, bro, let me answer
this in a video. Because rather than spending 10 minutes
with him, I'll spend an hour on the video and answer it for
everyone else. So even in the onset, think of content as a
way to create resources for your clients. Because Dave might
come in two weeks later and go, what are macros? You go, do
you know what? I created a video just for you, Dave. Here it
is. Send him the link. If they ask you a question, that is a
piece of content to be made. They ask, you make. They ask,
you make. And when it comes to content creation, one a day.
Now, some of you are going to go, oh, but I got 12 clients
tomorrow. Cool. Write a tweet, screenshot it, and then
you're done. And then you're done. And put it on your
fucking Instagram. How long did that take? Nine seconds.
Cool. Move on. I didn't say you had to do a fucking
Oppenheimer every day, but one piece of content a day should
be bare minimum. If you can't do that, maybe you're in the
wrong fucking business. And what we are looking for in these
pieces of content is what I like to call an aha moment. So,
you know, you say to people, oh, fats are nine calories a
gram, carbohydrates are four, protein is four. This is why
so many people really like the low fat diet era because they
can reduce calories really easily. What do you mean? Well,
look at milk, for instance. Skin milk actually has a little
bit more sugar, a little bit more carbohydrates than full
fat. A lot of people think that's worse, but what they've
done is they've reduced the fat content and reducing 10
grams of fat means there's 90 calories less. Whereas if we
remove 10 grams of carbohydrates, there's only 40 calories
less. So therefore reducing fat is a very easy strategy that
you can use to reduce calories, which is why I recommend you
get extra lean beef mince. Like, fucking hell. I never knew
that. I never knew that. Aha moment. You do another one.
Someone says to you, how low do I go with an RDL? I'm going
to make you a video. You do a video, hey guys, when
performing the Romanian deadlift, which actually stems from
a Romanian powerlifter, we are just going to go down as far
as we can into a hip hinge until the hamstrings run out of
range of motion. We do not need to touch the floor with a
Romanian deadlift. Someone out there goes, fuck, you know, I
thought I had to touch the floor because it was a deadlift,
but you've told me this Romanian variant doesn't have to
touch the floor. Now that person's lower back will never
hurt again. That is an aha moment. Even this module, in some
respects, you go, oh, I thought I had to take pictures of my
lunch, but you're completely right, James. I should just be
trying to create resources for clients because if the person
who's paying me is thinking it, the person who's about to
pay me is probably thinking it, and I could couple that up
and it would benefit my business. Exactly. It's about
delivering aha moments. In fact, every single module in this
course, I think should deliver an aha moment. When you're
creating contents for your client, you look at a picture of
yourself. Oh, I'm at 8% body fat. Is that going to make your
clients go, oh, I fucking never knew that? No. So it's a
shit piece of content. With your resources that you put out,
treat it like an interest savings account. In the onset,
there is little to no fucking growth and you think, am I
wasting my time? But in five years time, you go, Jesus
Christ, all those little amounts of money that I put in that
account are now compounded into fucking massive amounts of
money. Keep it simple. Don't over complicate it. Just try
and help people. Don't use lingo that you know is going to
alienate people. Oh, with the external rotation of the
humorous, you know, close to the clavicle, they're going to
go, this person does not understand me because I don't know
what the fuck he's talking about. They're not even sure if
it's English. The main currency that is important for you on
social media is to accrue goodwill through helping people
solve their problems. If people watch these videos and you,
this guy is amazing. Every time I watch his content, I leave
knowing something. The second you go to release a product or
service, they don't even care if they're going to use the
recipe book or they're going to use your training app. They
just want to give you money as the law of reciprocity
because you've helped them so much. Case in point, Matt
Armstrong, geezer on YouTube that builds crash damage cars.
He has merch. Now the merch that he sells isn't
revolutionary, but the amount of people like myself who've
sat there with a baby at three o'clock in the morning, just
needing something to watch, for an hour whilst I'm drip
feeding a baby some milk. After a while you go, this guy has
done so much for me providing this valuable content. When he
releases new t-shirt drop, I'm going to buy it. Even if I
don't particularly like the design of the t-shirt, I'm going
to support that person for the amount of aha moments they've
brought into my life. Accrue goodwill, make resources for
clients, stop taking pictures of yourself with your top off.
Which again, if any of you have got a picture of yourself
with your top off or incredibly fucking lean in your profile
picture, you're going to have people come across your
profile and they're just going to go pleb, dickhead,
classic. Fitness knob. You don't want that. Get a picture of
yourself, get a professional headshot. I did not take the
picture of this book on a fucking iPhone because it is
representing the brand. Do the same in your own. Even if you
have to get some headshots done professionally, do it. You
buy on Insta, name what you do. My business mentorship says
I help small businesses make more money using social media.
That's it. As a PT, I help people lose fat and build muscle,
but this course I help personal trainers navigate their
first two years successfully. I don't go, my name is James
Smith. I have four A to Cs and I also have a foundation
degree in sports coaching and I have my level three PT and
my ASL swimming one level instructor, my FA football coach
level one. And people don't care. Just tell me what the fuck
it is you do. Help me. Crew Goodwill. Happy days. Bosch.
