First of all, I need to explain to you why you should all be
trying to dominate organic content before paid ads. Everyone
seems to think they could just buy their way into getting
views, engagement, email addresses through paid ads. Now, if
you can master organic content where you have to let people
in the algorithm push you out wider, it's because you get
better at delivering yourself, speaking, talking to camera,
setting up the videos. You pretty much become a master in
doing this. So then when you put money behind it, you're
going to do even better. So please don't think of paid ads
as a way to circumnavigate the work you need to do to get
good organic content. Like this, Fast and the Furious 1.
Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, they're doing the drag race. They
hit the NOS. You can't hit the NOS too early. Paul Walker
did that. Now look at him. Rest in peace. Instead, you've
got to Vin Diesel it. You've got to wait to the very last
minute till people think you're never even going to use paid
ads. Then boom, you sponsor a post and you're flying.
Eventually, you're going to find one ad that outperforms
others and you'll delve into why. For instance, for this
course, we figured out that fairly early on in creating the
course, if I said the sentence, if you want to work online,
it did really well. Another weirdly was I said, my friends
used to bully me for making online content. So with that in
mind, we'd replicate other adverts around the same thing
said. Then we create video assets, pieces of content with
squeezes in mind. So then I'd say, if you want to work
online and work remote from Bali, well, you're going to need
a strong day-to-day based people to do it. So your products
too and the services. That's why I put together the online
digital nomad starter kit. So then I'd make another piece of
content based on the feedback that we got. My friends used
to bully me for putting online ads on their content. So then
I'd content every day. Now I buy their dinners and they
don't seem to complain so much. I can't promise that the
people close to you won't judge you for the content you
produce in the old days, but what I can do is promise that I
can remove your 10 X biggest barriers to entry with my short
form checkup course that you can access for free. Give me
your best email address and I'll send it straight over. Now
I know this isn't the content section of the course, but the
reality is for all of us, we should be looking at what is
working within other niches and creators, but also what's
working within our own. Because when we reflect back on our
content, we want to be able to take note of what works, what
works well, then what exceeds expectations. And the same
goes within email marketing. One of those emails may break
the traditional massively outperform others. We need to take
note. Was it a subject line? Was it the raw nature of the
email? Did we put RE in the subject line to make it look
like we were replying? Do we make the font bigger? Did we
just put it all lowercase and say, Hey John, did you want to
do this? We must see trends in other people's email
marketing campaigns, and we should piggyback these to
optimize what we can put cash behind. Because what we can
create is an email marketing machine. That's why we have to
talk about content a little bit. And what I mean by this is
this, the ultimate marketer's dream is something called
ROAS, which is called a return on ad spend. So imagine you
have like a magic vending machine. And every time you put a
dollar in it, it spits out $4 in cash. So this means for
every dollar you spend, you're getting four times back. This
is how return on ad spend works or ROAS. It's a simple
formula. If you take the revenue made from your ads and
divide it by how much you spend on those ads, you'll get the
ROAS. So if you spend a thousand dollars on ads and those
thousand dollars bring you in $5,000, your ROAS is five.
Now, if you're a ROAS, you're less than one, you're losing
money because you're spending more than you're making. A
ROAS of one means you're breaking even. Anything above two
or three can be profitable. And five or higher is usually
great. But this number matters because if your ROAS is too
low, your ads aren't worth running. If it's high, you can
confidently spend more on ads, knowing that you'll get more
back. And it takes the guesswork out of advertising and
helps you make decisions based on actual results, not just
hope. So let's just imagine a world where you spend a
hundred dollars and you get 300 emails. Then over the next
15 days, that equates to a thousand dollars in revenue in
profit. That's a five times ROAS. Ideally, we would want to
ramp up daily spend. Now, what often happens is that two
times the ad spend doesn't always mean double the return.
Because when you have an advert expert on your team, they
carefully dial up and back the spend on campaigns to get the
right amount of squeeze out of it. Imagine you're squeezing
a lemon. There's an optimal amount of squeeze. If you don't
squeeze enough, there's juice left inside, but you don't
want to squeeze it too much because once the juices are out,
you're better off moving on to the next lemon. These can
then run evergreen. They just continue over time. They may
diminish over time. That's fine. We call this advert
exhaustion. Then it's time to find fresh lemons. So if we
can have evergreen adverts or even evergreen pieces of
content bringing in leads, we can then have ever squeezes as
I coined it. I sat on a call last week and because I'm no
longer producing videos for the main channel, we're seeing a
massive drop off in sales. Because of it, we're no longer
driving new people to the channel. And because of that,
we're no longer having people watch as much content and take
an action in the call to actions. The only thing driving
revenue in the course at the moment is our paid ads. So God
bless having these ever squeezes in place to continually
drive people into the funnels where email automation does
the hard legwork for me. Welcome to dream marketing. I get
to build out the course and as the internet is out there,
getting me new business. So to summarize, we're going to try
different campaigns, going to do different things to get
email addresses, maybe to get people to go to a landing
page. Then one of your techniques is just going to work
better than anything else. Then we can start putting money
behind it. We can start putting a daily budget behind it.
It's not so much a spend, it's an investment because we're
getting the ROAS, the return on the ad spend. For instance,
the calorie calculator that we have for affordable online
coaching has been running for years. And even the 30 day
email autoresponder for this course writes so well, we have
paid ads growing it, but we also keep it as two separate
funnels. What I mean by that is we have the paid email 30
day responder and we have the organic and we can see which
leads, whether when we pay for them or ask them verbally
through a YouTube video or whatever, perform better. Our
organic leads way outperform paid. Just worth saying that
from the off. So for any of you that haven't got any paid
ads running yet, don't be too worried about it. Because like
I say, the people I get through YouTube and giving them the
verbal call to action of, Hey, let me give you some money.
I'm going to give you 30 ways in 30 days. Way better
performs me turning up on someone's page and going, Hey, my
name is James Smith. And if you want 30 days and 30 ways,
whatever it is. So just imagine that over time, these
outliers of over-performers are going to crop up. You can
put some ad spend behind them. Then before it, there could
be a world where someone goes, I saw your advert and I ended
up giving you my email address. And I absolutely loved the
way you acquired me as a client. And you won't know what
they're talking about because you have so many different
ways working at all different times or doing the same thing
of growing your email list. There could even be a time I'm
not there yet where you can walk away from content creation
because you have so many good paid adverts generating leads
and business for you. That's the real marketer's dream.
Hopefully that's not too overwhelming. Again, if you have
any questions about this, I'll be in the discord.
