I find people often overestimate what can be done in a
matter of months, but hugely underestimate what can be done
in a matter of years. I'm not much of a woo-woo person when
it comes to manifestation or making your dreams a reality,
but I will tell you a little story about the first time that
I set goals. I used to work as part of a franchise in
Fitness First. It's a long story. I shouldn't have done it.
It was a company that pretty much said, we're going to pay
for all of your rent, James. We're going to look after you.
We're going to put you in a team of high achievers. And when
I began, they made us do this like Monday morning meeting,
which I hate. It was one of the reasons that I left
corporate. And one day we go in and there are these big bits
of paper, maybe A2, because A4 is that big. Then A3 is 2A4
and A2 is 2A3. I don't know. It was a big bit of paper. I
remember looking at that bit of paper and going, what's the
point? And it was a planner and it was loads of different
boxes and goals and things you want to do. And I just
thought this looks like the worst use of time. I could be
out there making content, brother. So this planner is in
front of me, set goals for this year. I'm going to put you
in a team of high achievers, set goals for next year,
financial targets. And I was like, oh my God, it was just
shit. Right? So then I'm kind of getting micromanaged at
this point. The guy, I'm not going to mention his name
because people in Sydney will know him. He's looking over my
shoulder and he's like, oh, what do you want to accomplish
this year? And I just wrote down, do a live event in Sydney.
And then, oh, what have you got planned for next year? Do a
live event in London and Manchester. Financial goals. Then
one of them was lifetime goals. And I never thought about
having lifetime goals before, right? So I wrote down a
hundred thousand followers and I didn't really enjoy the,
the session at hand. I didn't really get anything out of it.
Then when I got home, I pulled it out of my fitness first
backpack and I had this massive bit of paper and I was like,
sod it. And I stuck it on my wall. Now where I laid in bed
to my left, there was the door to get into my bedroom. Then
there was nothing on the wall and I'm a boy, so I don't know
how to decorate a room. The only thing stuck on my walls was
this flipping planner. Then I remember one month, got to the
end of the month, went on PayPal before Stripe, did a few
calculations. I wrote down what I earned for the month. Then
I never, this was March. Then April, I thought, sod it. I'd
do it again. And I wrote down the next month what I earned
and it was something like $200 less. And I was thinking to
myself, wow, I wouldn't have noticed. If I hadn't have
written it down, I just wouldn't have noticed. And I
remember there was that day I probably sat there in front of
the wall for maybe like 30, 45 seconds. I just stared at it
and I thought, James, you're going backwards. And it was
about $12,000 if I remember correctly. $12,000 for a month,
which is pretty good. And then the next $12,500, the next
month, it was like $12,200. And that didn't sit well with
me. Made me feel a bit ill, if I'm honest. So I went into
May and every single morning when my alarm went off in May,
I was out of bed. I was going live. I was selling harder. I
was pushing harder. And I get to the end of May and I was
kind of a bit worried that I would have gone backwards
again. So I get to the end of May, go on PayPal, I do the
export. And I was thinking to myself, if this is less than
$12,200, I'm probably going to be depressed because I
thought I was doing really well and I'm not doing very well.
I calculate it. I'm like, this can't be right. I calculate
it again. My friend Lucy Lord's there. I was like, have a
look at this. $27,000. I just earned the most amount of
money I'd ever earned in my life. And I didn't even know. At
the moment of doing the calculations, I knew I'd had an all
right month, but I didn't really follow it that closely. And
I realized then having something written down doesn't make
it happen, but it makes you think about it. And I'm not sure
if any of you have ever read any of my books. And if you
didn't, I'm not offended. But one thing I put in every book
is if you write it down, you make it real. Even this course,
although I could rift all the information and do it from the
top of my head, I still like writing down what I want to
talk about because there's a strange connection between the
mind and when you write things down. Now, I'm not saying you
need to, but I'm saying it's a really good idea. Whether the
note section of your phone, maybe on a bit of paper and the
document we attach to this, even in a book, even a
whiteboard. And you have to write it down because I'm
someone that thought writing shit down was something hippies
do. I want you to write a three-month goal, a six-month
goal, a 12-month goal, and a 24-month goal. Now, I'm not
done. What I want for each one of those is a conservative
goal, an ambitious goal, outrageous goal. The conservative
goal, something you could hit on autopilot, maybe a revenue
target, or maybe something more trivial like follower
growth. For some of you lazy bastards, it may be a certain
amount of posts that you want to do, which is a very
important metric in itself. You can say, I'm going to do
seven posts a week, or I'm going to grow my following by X a
day or whatever it is. So conservative, just cruise in what
are you going to hit? Then your next one is going to be an
ambitious goal. Now, this can be a bigger, hyped up version
of your conservative goal, but maybe similar, but on 400
milligrams of caffeine. So really push yourself. Something
that if you accomplished it, you would say, fuck me. Similar
to when I hit that financial target without knowing. I
literally looked at it and was like, fuck me. I'd over
doubled what I was aiming for. Now, for the outrageous,
really push the boundaries. Write something you can
accomplish, but it's unlikely. Possible, but not impossible.
Just improbable. These honestly go as fucking crazy as you
like. The mad thing is within 12 to 24 months, the
outrageous ones come much closer in reach. If you don't
write these down, you're a fucking idiot. I like many people
who watch modules just like these, went, yeah, yeah, yeah,
but just do it for fuck's sake. I'm not asking a lot of you
here to literally write down some goals. Maybe a car you
want, maybe a trip away, maybe a handbag for your missus,
maybe a handbag for yourself. So before we get into module
one, I want these things noted down. It's important. And if
you skip this, how can I trust you with the rest of
everything else I want to teach you? If you can't write down
three fucking goals for different periods in time, how the
fuck are you going to manage your own email marketing
campaigns? Take the reins on your, social media content
creation and streamline your processes. Little things, you
know, like when you make your bed in the morning, it's not
even that that does anything. But if you don't make your
bed, how the fuck can you carry on with the rest of the day?
How can you get a clean slate and hit a hundred percent and
everything if you couldn't do the thing that didn't even
need to be done? So let's get into it.
