Now I'm going to talk about Leadpages. I don't get shares in
Leadpages. I don't own Leadpages. It's just the best place
that I found that I recommend. Whenever I see people not use
Leadpages, it doesn't look good. When they do use it, I'm
happy. Leadpages is a tool designed to help people create
high converting landing pages without needing to be a tech
wizard. Think of it as a shortcut to getting a sleek
professional looking page up and running fast without
messing around with any coding or HTML. WordPress themes or
dodgy plugins is built for one job, getting leads, whether
that's capturing emails, selling products, or if you're a
glutton for punishment, booking calls. You get a bunch of
templates, a simple drag and drop editor, and built-in tools
like A-B split testing and pop-ups to optimize its
conversions. It's straightforward, fast, and focused on
results, which makes it popular for marketers, small
businesses, and business owners, anyone that's pretty much
running ads or sending people to a platform they need to
convert people. The way it helps people is if you're running
ads, especially on Facebook, Google, or YouTube, sending
people to a normal website can be a rookie move because most
websites are cluttered, slow, and full of distractions.
Leadpages cuts the fluff and keeps visitors focused on one
thing, signing up, buying, or booking. It integrates with
email marketing tools, CRMs, and payment processes so you
can funnel leads straight into whatever system you're using.
Plus, it's mobile-optimized by default, which is crucial
since so much traffic these days is now coming from phones.
There are alternate platforms for landing pages. Leadpages
is solid, but it's not the only game in town. There are
other platforms like ClickFunnels. More than just landing
pages, it's a sales funnel builder. Great if you want
upsells, webinars, and automation. There's Unbounced, which
is more advanced, but very powerful for A-B split testing.
And best for those who love tweaking for higher conversions.
Got Cartra, Instapage, Webflow, Zapier. There's so many.
Now, what features matter in a landing page builder? If
you're choosing a platform, don't go for the cheapest or the
most hyped up ones. Here's what actually matters. Speed and
performance. Your landing page should load in under two
seconds. Slow pages kill conversions. Want ones that have
mobile optimization? About 70% of visitors will be on their
phones. Your page needs to look flawless on mobile and on
desktop. A-B split testing. You need to be testing different
things out. So I think there's a version of your landing
page that you think is good. I want five variations.
Shorter, longer, bigger font, smaller font, brighter colors,
darker colors, dark mode, light mode, whatever it is. Then
instead of you or I assuming what works, we split traffic
across all pages and we find out. Because I guarantee our
assumptions are not correct. And A-B split testing is the
only way for all of us to really swallow our pride and be
humbled a bit by the reality of how little we know about our
audience. There are also integrations. It should work with
your email list, whether it's MailChimp, ActiveCampaign,
HubSpot, whatever. And it should work with the payment
processor. Most of them have simple and no code editing,
which means we can drag and drop things. We don't have to
have a developer. Because if we hire someone to design this
for us, every time we want to make changes, which should be
a lot of the time, we need to wait for someone else, get
them, pay them to do it. We should be able to jump in, amend
our offer, change our pricing, change our colors, whatever
it is. And it's a good idea that we have high converting
pages because not many people are going to buy on their
first visit. Capturing emails, getting data, or even
retargeting people means that we can follow up and convert
later. Another thing about this is we can create custom
domains. So rather than us having a generic thing like
ourbusiness.leadpages.com, we can easily swap out our
landing page to be our own branded domain. So you could go
to JamesSmith.com and you could go straight to that
Leadpages page. And the best thing is that we could send a
million people to that website and the website will split
them to the different variations that we created. Now, when
we look at a landing page versus a traditional website,
what's the difference? Well, a traditional website is what
we call a brochure page. It has multiple pages, menus,
information, it's all over the place. And that's fine for
branding, but it's terrible for conversions because people
get distracted and bounce. A landing page is one page with
one purpose, to get a specific visitor to take a specific
action. No menus, no distraction, no endless scrolling. If
you're running ads, or if you're not, sending people to a
traditional website is wasting money. A landing page keeps
them focused and funnels them straight into the sales
process. If you need landing pages and you don't want to
mess around with code and HTML and all that, Leadpages is
one of the easiest ones to use. Yes, some people go, oh, it
costs $49 a month. Trust me, it's going to cost less than a
web developer, it's going to cost less than a member of
staff, it's going to cost less than so many things. And
ultimately, for so many of you out there, if you just use it
and get a couple of clients from it, it pays for itself.
It's the first platform I used back in 2014, 2015, and I'll
give you a walkthrough on it shortly. And we are in. So,
reason I like Leadpages is, this is my missus's, and you can
see here, she doesn't even use this. And she made like a
thousand dollars. And we can see some of her different pages
here. So, if we go to landing pages, we can look at what she
created. Remember, you can have squeeze pages, landing
pages, but these ones where she's making real cash, eight
grand from this one. If we have a little look, you can see
it's well curated, it looks nice. It's got everything it
needs in it, even those little barriers between the colors.
It just looks good. It just looks good. And then let's go,
maybe let's not edit that one. Let's go to this one. We can
edit one of her pre-existing pages. So again, you can see
that the page is made out of title, image, text, even these
little color boxes we can change. And go down more text, and
then we're going to have hyperlinks on these here. So if we
click on the hyperlink, so you just linked this to an
existing page, not an external URL. So this will take us to
another landing page where you can click to buy. And then
that page will have a link to a URL. Now, this is brilliant.
It's beautiful. It looks nice. I'm a big fan. And then
again, if we come up to the top, we can hit preview. And the
best thing again about lead pages is we can now preview it
on different devices. So we've got a laptop. Let's have a
little look at mobile. Oh, do you know what? I looks amazing
on mobile. Let's have a little look on a tablet. Wow. Okay.
That's great. Okay. So we can go back. Now there's another
amazing thing here we can do. We can create a new split
test. So let's say this one. Cool. She's got a personalized
program form here. We can now add a variation and we can
copy the control. Copy version one. Now we can edit this
variation. So we might go, hmm, we have an amazing landing
page here, but I have a feeling it could be a little bit too
lengthy or even in this case, because I've accidentally
clicked on a squeeze page, this could be a bit too short. So
maybe we change this and we go, do you know what? Give me
your email. I'll change your life. Then we can save that as
a variation. Then this one would say, every time you don't
give me your email address, a kitten dies, then you might
find that the threat of a kitten dying could be the very
thing that gets you more leads. Now. Let's leave this. Let's
get out of here. Let's get out of here. So we have all kinds
of little conversion tools here. We've got pop-ups, alert
bars, we've got branding stuff where you put in colors,
images, integrations, domains. There's so much here. And
again, you're paying the money so that you've had any issues
with this. You can just pop along to your old lead pages and
say, Hey, give me some help. And I want to do it. Let's get
rid of this. Hopefully I'm deleting the right page. Let's
create a new landing page. You and I let's go through one.
Now I must admit, I've not been doing this in quite a while.
So let's have a look. We've got sales down here. Let's have
a look at a couple of salesies. Let's try this one. I've
just picked this at random, by the way. You should do much
more due diligence and timing. James test for mentorship,
legends. Sales page, the t-shirt profit plan. Wow. Okay. I'm
about to become this business. Your logo. I'm going to get
rid of that because I just don't feel like we need a logo.
Okay. Let's present we are a marketing agency that create
the ideas for a t-shirt business in the world to make more
money. Sell more t-shirts because we're selling the t-shirt
profit plan. You just got a bit more expensive. Okay. Now
let's edit this text. If you're in the business of selling t
-shirts, you'll need the t-shirt profit plan. Within this
plan, there's over two decades of t-shirt selling
experience, which you can access for only. We're just making
this up by the way. And then again, we might say, oh, I
wonder what this looks like in, you know, different things.
I'll show you, Paul. This bit here. What is it? Then
everyone might decide to get rid of one of these. Maybe
bring this to center a bit. That's a bit annoying, this
formulation. And again, we can fill in this text. This plan
has been created. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Over here.
We sold out. The MAGA t-shirts did a madness. Biden
administration. This ebook made me millions. I personally
hate James, but I love his advice. Cool. So we can have that
in there. Related products. We can get in here. We can
change some of this. Short form, content mastery, email
advantage. See where we're going with this. Now, this bit
down here, the buy now area. Buy now and enjoy your 100%
money back guarantee. Now, at this point, we might go, oh,
we want a bit of a subheading. So we go to widgets. We can
get text. Just pop a little text box underneath. No need for
code. If you feel that this course isn't worth 10 times what
you pay for it, let us know, and we'll refund you it for.
James. Now, that little bit there just gives people the je
ne sais quoi. The je ne sais quoi. Which I used to think
meant, you know, like something magic, but it doesn't.
Apparently, it means I don't know in French. But we've got
all kinds of things here that we want. I like the button,
but I want a medium button. I like the button, but as we
learned, we want a different color, brother. We want red.
That's right. Wow. Sales just went up by 20%. Let's have a
little preview. Let's have a little preview of the bad. Sell
more t-shirts. Okay. Cool. Great. Let's go to mobile. Oh my
God. This just looks so good. Cool. We might say, all right,
we're going to publish that version, but then we might say
to ourselves, do you know what? We're going to make some
with more information on it. We're going to do a version of
it with more information. Then we're going to do a version
with less information. Then we're going to do a video with a
version with a video on it. And the idea is that over time,
we just create several variations. We can accrue the data
and the knowledge. Then ultimately over time in here, we can
look at the visitors, the conversion rate, and we can see
through the split tests. Okay. A thousand went to each page.
The conversions were different on this one. Why? And we can
double down on that. Now I've just been on here for a few
minutes, but I'm sure you can all appreciate if you would
spend a lot of time on here, you could have different pages
in different places. Different chatbot automations could
really, really make a massive difference to your business.
So there's a really brief overview to lead pages. I hope you
enjoy it.
