A lot of people seem to think they know the algorithm and
how it works, but the simplest way to think about it, don't
make content to game the algorithm instead, try to impress
humans. Social media algorithms are complex, but at their
core, they aim to keep users engaged for as long as possible
by showing them content they're most likely to interact
with. Different platforms have unique algorithms, but
generally they follow these principles. One, content
scoring, engagement-based. Algorithms give each post a score
based on expected engagement, the likes, the shares, the
comments, the watch time. The more engagement a post gets
early on, the more it gets pushed out to a wider audience.
Then we could look at two, user behavior tracking. Some
platforms track what you like, comment on, and share. How
much time you spend on each post, which topics, accounts,
and hashtags you interact with the most, although I don't
actually think the hashtags feature is really used that much
anymore. And they definitely know when you're pinching in on
people. You see someone, you see that girl you used to go to
school with, maybe she's had a boob job, I don't know. And
you're going, what's that? And you have a little, oh my god.
The next thing, she's all over your feed. So I've heard. The
algorithms are watching all your movements. They're learning
you. They're learning what you like and how you react to
people you like. And probably number three, ranking and
personalization. Your feed isn't just chronological, it's
personalized based on your past interactions, your
interests, and the type of content you engage with. How much
time you spend on the platform, it knows everything. Then
probably four would be virality and momentum. If a post gets
engagement quickly, it will be pushed harder. High retention
videos, ones that people watch to the end, will get boosted.
That's why some people like to try and game the system
making really short reels with text, but I don't really like
those. Comments and shares carry more weight than just likes
on Instagram and Facebook, and it prioritizes family
-friendly content. Well, actually, they say that meta
prioritizes family-friendly content, but I keep seeing
people die on Instagram. They do say you have to, you know,
this is disturbing, and I always do click on it. But yeah,
even TikTok is extremely AI-driven and learns very fast from
your behaviors. It prioritizes watch time and replays more
than the likes of YouTube. And speaking of YouTube, watch
time and click-through rate are probably the key ones.
Longer videos can perform well if they hold retention
because you get that average view duration. When we look at
X or Twitter, it prioritizes engagement, likes, replies,
retweets. Recency plays a bigger role than on other
platforms because of the time-sensitive nature of tweets. As
I said, there's a few things I hate, and it's people trying
to get the caption to do the work, getting people to watch a
reel over and over as they read the caption. They're trying
to game the algorithm. They think they can use measures like
average view duration or telling people to save a workout.
To be quite honest, I think this is a load of shit. People
communicate and build relationships with people. You walking
on a treadmill with some caption, you'd be like, read the
caption, and the reel doing an average view duration. I hate
it. I think it's cheap. I think it's lazy. I think you can
do better. You should stop doing it.
